## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662
ECCXI: Under New Management!!!
The Saga Continues

**4/21/06 ** UPDATE Tekken GONE, DOA and GGXX moved,Late Registration fee!!! Read through for details. - J Wigfall

3/28/06 FULL UPDATE, PLEASE READ THROUGH FOR CHANGES AND NEW TOURNAMENT INFO!!! - DSP

The date and location will be:
Friday May 26, 2006 - Sunday May 28, 2006
Eight on the Break
340-346 North Ave.;
Dunellen, New Jersey;
08812

SPECIAL UPDATE: ECCXI staff is proud to announce that through the help of Jason Wilson, we have acquired sponsorship from Nubytech, the videogame-peripherals manufacturer. Nubytech will be providing several joysticks for ECCXI as back-ups, as well as prizes for the winners of the major tournaments. If you’re playing on a donated Nubytech stick, expect to get your picture taken…so brush your teeth!

Fees pricing:
Official tournament entry fee will be $10 per game .There is a $10 registration fee, prior to entering any official tournament. (this will be used for equipment, boards, maintenance, rental space for console tournaments, etc… you know… stuff that helps things run correctly) We would Really like to get all registration done by Friday. If you come Saturday to register the price will be 15 dollars.Do us all a favor and register friday night.

Concerning console tourneys, for those who provide a TV of approx 19" (and it is used for tourney), you will get free entry into one official tournament. Also, if you provide a PS2 console with a copy of one of the tournament games (for example, if you can lend us your PS2 and a copy of 3s for the 3s tournament) you will receive free entry for that game.
Please either post here, or private message DaWigsta or DarksydePhil for more information.

Official Tournaments:
Marvel Vs Capcom 2 (arcade, perfect 360 controls)
Capcom Vs Snk 2 (Playstation 2 console)
Street Fighter 3: Third Strike (Playstation 2 console)
Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo (arcade, 8-way swtich sticks)
Guilty Gear XX SLASH (Japanese Playstation 2 console)
Marvel vs Capcom 2 Ec Wc 5 on 5 100 a head
Marvel Vs Capcom 2 Team (3 player teams double elim) ($15/team)
Dead or Alive 4 (Xbox 360 console)

Schedule:

-ECCX will take up all 3 days

Friday:
Marvel vs Capcom 2 teams - 6pm
Tournament Registration - 6pm-10pm (Or until the end of marvel teams)

Saturday:
CvS2 - starts PROMPTLY at 1pm
MvC2- 1pm
3s - starts after the top 16 for CvS2 have been determined, roughly 8pm. We will announce what pools will be played on Saturday night when the tournament starts.
DOA4- 8pm (Will continue sunday if necessary)

Sunday:
MvC2 (cont) - 12:30pm
GGXX SLASH - 2:00pm
3s continues, rest of pools are played out - 12pm
Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo ? 3pm
CvS2 top 16 - promptly after 3s finishes, approximately 3-4pm
3s top 16 - promptly after CvS2 top 16 finishes, approximately 6-7pm

*** late entrees does not guarantee proper seeding ***
-The format of the tourneys will go as follows:
-As for all games with exception of MVC2 and ST there will be 8 different qualifying pools, double elimination each.
-The top 2 players from each bracket will proceed to a new 16 man double elimination tournament.
-ST WILL NOT have pools. Standard double elimination tourney since this is usually the lowest headcount and the tournament runs fast enough anyway. However, unlike other games, ST will be best 3 out of 5 games instead of 2 out of 3, throughout the ENTIRE tournament.
-MVC2 will have a very similar format to an evolution Tournament. With one exception. . NO ROUND ROBINS There will be 16 different qualifying pools, double elimination each. With a 32 man tourney Sunday at 12pm sharp!!! When we get to final 8 we will take a BRIEF intermission and then continue.

-after the second round of winner’s bracket, there will be no floating, except to avoid double jeopardy. If double jeopardy is unavoidable, you must play your match or you forfeit.

    again, more information will be released as it comes up. if you have any questions, please post here.
    for console tournaments, you must supply your own controller, plus we are not responsible for controller malfunctions… read: if it stops working, it’s your problem
    -HUGE UPDATE: THERE WILL BE NO FORFEITS AT ECCXI. This means, if Justin Wong and Ricky Ortiz get 1st/2nd in a tournament, THEY MUST PLAY OUT THEIR FINALS. It is unfair to the gaming community for people to not play out their finals. Therefore, if it is determined that there is a forfeit or a “thrown match” in finals, it is totally up to the discretion of the tournament staff whether or not prizes will be awarded, or stripped. So, PLAY YOUR DAMNED MATCHES!
    -HUGE UPDATE: Since there will be a lot of console tournaments this year, the issue of “game pausing” will undoubtedly come up. Here is the deal: If there is a game pause, a tournament official MUST get involved. The official will determine whether or not the players both mutually agree to continue playing the game, in which case he will supervise the “unpause” and continuance of the match. If both players do not agree to unpause and continue, then a mutual agreement must be made between both players and the tournament official on how to proceed. Do NOT unpause the game without a tournament official present - this constitues cheating, because you could easily pause, pretend it’s a mistake, then unpause when your opponent is not ready and land a cheap attack. Both players MUST be ready for the unpause, so an official MUST be present to supervise. Be warned that if there is random pausing/unpausing without any supervision, all results are subject to CANCELLATION and DISQUALIFICATION by the tournament staff.
    -One more note: Look, we’ve all been through this before. We are running pool-style tournaments this year so you know when you are going to be playing…BE AROUND when it is time for your pool to play. If we call you more than twice and you are not present, you are subject to disqualification. NO EXCEPTIONS.

rules:
Super Street Fighter II: Turbo - on arcade cabinet, pay-for-play, 25 cents/game
Standard double elimination tournament
3 out of 5 games per match through the ENTIRE tournament
Akuma/Gouki is banned

Street Fighter 3: 3rd strike - on PS2 console
8 Pool qualifier tournament
Each pool is a mini-double-elim bracket, top two from each bracket advance to the top 16 qualifier tournament
If you make it to the top 16 qualifier tournament, all wins/losses are reset, but seeding will be done appropriately judging if you were in winners/losers
2 out of 3 games per match for ALL MATCHES in qualifier brackets
2 out of 3 games per match for normal matches in top 16 bracket
3 out of 5 games per match for semifinal matches in top 16 bracket
4 out of 7 for grand finals of the tournament
Winner must keep character, but may change super art (does anyone ever pick different super arts anyway?)

Capcom vs Snk 2 - on the Playstation 2 console
8 Pool qualifier tournament
Each pool is a mini-double-elim bracket, top two from each bracket advance to the top 16 qualifier tournament
If you make it to the top 16 qualifier tournament, all wins/losses are reset, but seeding will be done appropriately judging if you were in winners/losers
2 out of 3 games per match for ALL MATCHES in qualifier brackets
2 out of 3 games per match for normal matches in top 16 bracket
3 out of 5 games per match for semifinal matches in top 16 bracket
4 out of 7 for grand finals of the tournament
You must keep both your team AND team order if you win a match, as is standard in Capcom tournaments**

Marvel vs Capcom 2 - on the arcade machine, perfect 360 controls
16 Pool qualifier tournament
Each pool is a mini-double-elim bracket, top two from each bracket advance to the top 32 qualifier tournament to be played on Sunday
If you make it to the top 32 qualifier tournament, all wins/losses are reset, but seeding will be done appropriately judging if you were in winners/losers
2 out of 3 games per match
3 out of 5 games per match for semifinal matches
4 out of 7 for grand finals of the tournament
Game freezing glitches (Ruby Heart), runaway glitches (Gambit) and dead body infinites are banned
Winner may change team order ONLY if the opponent agrees - if not, you must keep both your team AND your order if you wina match
******must keep team order if blind pick is requested ********

Guilty Gear Slash
Standard double elimination tournament
2 out of 3 games per match
3 out of 5 games per semi final match
4 out of 7 games grand finals
no game freezing glitches
no pausing during tournament game
no button mapping

-Dead or Alive 4
-Standard double elimination tournament
3 out of 5 rounds for every game, STANDARD damage will be used
2 out of 3 games per match
3 out of 5 games per semi final match
4 out of 7 games grand finals
No crazy glitches
No pausing during tournament game
No button mapping - this means, you can swap the config of your buttons but no changing the button mapping sceme. Nobody is allowed to make some ridiculously complex combo or move into one button - not only will this take forever to keep switching, but it is ILLEGAL at ECCXI. Only standard button mapping that is already pre-programmed into the game is allowed.

    Prizes:
    100% of the entry fees will make up the prize money, ECCXI staff keeps nothing!
    1st place 65% of the entry fees
    2nd place 25%
    3rd place 10%

Pre-registration:
http://www.shoryuken.com/forums/showthread.php?t=112728

Location and travel info go to: http://www.thebreak.net/

NOTE: ALL LINKS BELOW HAVE BEEN FIXED! If you want to reserve a hotel you can check out the links below, they work now!

For inexpensive airline tickets:
http://www.xfares.com/
http://www.jetblue.com/
http://www.orbitz.com/
http://www.cheaptickets.com/

The nearest airport is Newark International Airport (EWR). However, a lot of people actually fly into New York and stay for a few days, then take the train to New Jersey for ECC, and then go back to New York…treat it like a vacation!

The nearest hotel/motel to the Break is Motel 6 Piscataway, which the majority of gamers stay at: http://www.motel6.com/reservations/motel_detail.asp?MotelId=1084&NOA=&aYr=&aMo=&aDa=&dYr=&dMo=&dDa=&BTR=M6ProximityResults.aspx?searchtype=AD&CP=&TA=&redi=

Across the street from that Motel 6 is a Holiday Inn. It features nicer rooms and internet access, but costs more:
If you’re coming from Grand Central Station in New York City:
you can take the 7 train to 42nd st times square (2 stops)
and then transfer to the 1, 2, 3, or 9 train to 34th st (new York Penn station, 1 stop)
http://www.mta.info/nyct/service/sevenlin.htm
http://www.mta.info/nyct/service/oneline.htm

If you’re coming from the Port Authority Bus Terminal:
take the a, c, or e train to 34th new York Penn station (1 stop)
http://www.mta.info/nyct/service/aline.htm

After you get to New York Penn Station:
Take the nj transit to Newark Penn station (using the north east corridor line)
Transfer to the Raritan valley line (there are monitors to tell you which track they’re on, usually it’s track 5)
Take the Raritan valley line to Dunellen, and the break will literally be across the street from the station ( you should see it on your right)

Any Issues let us know via this thread. That?s what its here for!!

NOTE: I hope this clears up a lot of issues people have been having, if you have any questions please post in the thread or else just PM myself or DaWigsta! ~ DarksydePhil, March 28, 2006

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/26
Ok guys, here’s the deal on a LOT of stuff, mostly the stuff I’ll be running.

Basically I’ll be in charge of CvS2, ST, DOA4, and probably will have a hand in 3s as well. Also, I’m going to try to run several side tournaments. Here are the updates that you need to know:

CvS2: Will be held on the PS2 console
Since it’s being held on console, we will have more than enough stations to have 2 out of 3 games (which will eliminate all the problems we’ve had with the single match CvS2 the past couple of years).
Also, I am strongly considering having a CvS2 teams if there is enough interest…this means, 8 LEGIT teams of 3 players each. I will need to have enough people to hold the tournament previous to ECC or else I will just not run it. I will be putting up the ECCXI website with pre-registration SOON so we can get an actual headcount.

ST: will be $10 entry and 3 out of 5 games for the entire tournament. For the finals it will change to sets of 4 out of 7. ST is arguably the fastest game ever to be held in a tournament, so there is no reason to not do 3 out of 5. It WILL be held on Sunday (none of that Friday bullshit from last year) and I WILL be having an ST teams at the same time as you register for singles. The ST teams will take place immediately following the singles ST tournament. We will have at least 2 cabs and SWITCH STICKS for this tournament, so we will all be set.

DOA4: this will be the FIRST time that DOA4 will be featured at a fighting game major, and hopefully will pave the way for further participation at other majors. The games will be 3 out of 5 rounds, 2 out of 3 matches, until semis that will change to 3 out of 5 matches. The damage will be STANDARD. I don’t care if there’s a huge argument in the DOA community that damage should be either standard or max life, I’m putting my foot down on this and you’re either getting a three-round and standard life, or else if there is enough uproar we will just do two-round on max life. The game was obviously designed by Tecmo to be played on standard life or else it wouldn’t be standard; if you have problems with this, don’t enter and miss out on the first major DOA4 tournament.
SPECIAL RULES: Since this is going to be held on the Xbox 360 you ABSOLUTELY MUST BRING YOUR OWN PADS. I am not going to donate pads to be destroyed at this tournament, sorry. Button mapping will be allowed for DEFAULT SETTINGS ONLY. This means you can use the triggers to what they are mapped to as a default, and nothing else. WHY? because I don’t have time to sit around and let people map buttons every single match, that will literally double the time it takes to run the tournament. The default button settings give you more than enough shortcuts, you don’t need anything extra, and we don’t have all weekend. It is STRONGLY RECOMMENDED that you bring WIRED 360 pads/joysticks because 1. you will get faster response time and 2. I have no idea how having multiple 360s all trying to synch with separate wireless controllers is going to work…I just imagine a huge problem where mutiple 360s are recognizing the same controllers, etc. SO BRING YOUR BEST GAME AND BRING YOUR WIRED CONTROLLERS!

As for the bonus tournaments…

I will most likely be holding both Street Fighter Alpha 2 and Street Fighter Alpha 3 on a spare cabinet, and they will probably be held on Sunday since that day has the least amount of SF tournaments right now.

Third Strike: will 100% be held on the PLAYSTATION 2 CONSOLE. I am tired of people complaining about the 360 controls on the cabinets at the break so this will leave no excuses. If you have a problem with playing on console for 3s and are going to whine and complain, DO NOT COME TO ECCXI FOR 3S. I am sorry but we are putting our foot down here, having 3s on console is only going to save time and benefit the largest amount of gamers possible.

FINALLY…

If you come to ECCXI and donate at least a 19" TV that we use for the tournament…

OR…

If you dontate an Xbox 360 console with DOA4, or a PS2 with copies of 3s or CvS2…

you will receive free entry into one tournament. If you bring a COMBO of items (you bring a tV and a PS2 with a game for example) you will receive TWO free entries. Basically, a tv, ps2/game, and xbox360/game each earn you one free entry. We will be HEAVILY depending upon people’s help to get this event running, so we will DEFINITELY be willing to compensate you for your help.

LAST BUT NOT LEAST, please for the love of God BRING YOUR OWN CONTROLLERS FOR CONSOLE TOURNAMENTS. Any of you who are coming to ECC have undoubtedly at this point played these games on console and should have appropriate controllers to bring. If you are coming with a group of friends, have designated joystick to share between you. There MAY be a chance of spare joysticks at the tournament (if I’m feeling like being a giving person and I let you use some of my stuff) but last year there was a lot of complaining that people were playing on other people’s sticks and losing because “It’s not a perfect 360” or “I can’t play on a Hori.” Well guess what, if you’re borrowing stuff to play, that’s the price you have to pay. Bring your own stuff and then you won’t have to worry about that. If I get one complaint that there’s no joysticks or controllers to play on I’m going to laugh in your face and give you 1 minute to find something to play on or else get DQed. And I’m not joking!

Ok, that’s all I can think of for now, but I’m sure there will be more to come!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/61
&& UNSURE
Tekken is going to be held on console. If there is not console release of DR before ECCXI, it will be standard Tekken 5. Nothing I can do here, there aren’t enough Tekken machines in Jersey to be holding DR on arcade :sad:

Blame Namco and Sammy for being retards and not releasing shit, I would love to have the new games, but they have to fucking release them first!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/123
&& UNSURE
First, I take offense for you to be even coming on here and be like “hey, do you guys care?” Would we have taken the responsibility of running this if we didn’t care? Now, I read your actual post and see that you are pretty much 100% wrong on every point.

The reason Guilty Gear is being held on Friday is this: the majority of GG players, with the exception of Chaz and maybe a handful of others, do NOT play Capcom games at all. Why crowd these players into the break on the weekend, when there will be 5x as many people, and 1/5 the amount of open T.Vs? It just doesn’t make any sense at all. Just like Wigfall said, at TS6 Slash was held AT A TOTALLY SEPERATE LOCATION on Friday night, and people came out from all over and played until 8:30 in the morning. We’re running Slash on Friday because we’re trying to be CONSIDERATE and give the guilty gear players free reign of the break, so they can have some casuals, have plenty of space to play and set up, and then have a nice tournament. OR, we could try to just throw them into the mix of 5+ other console tournaments over the weekend and give then no casuals, limited space, and a long ass wait. HRM, which is better?

CvS2 will be a double elim tournament, as it should be and always has been. We’re not going to get 90+ heads like Texas or Evolution, so there’s no reason to do pools. Pools do nothing but take up more time, and with the limited time and space we will have, I’m not willing to run pools. CvS2 players should be happy they’re getting 2 out of 3 games for the first time in a LONG time, so please stop bitching.

ST is on Sunday for one reason: there are already way to many things going on Saturday between MvC2, CvS2, and 3s, not to mention casuals. If we run ST on Sunday, we can also have Alpha 2 and 3 that day…the majority of players who play ST will also be interested in those games. It will be IMPOSSIBLE to do this on Saturday with the amount of work we’ll already be doing. I’ve already had a few people thank me for putting ST on Sunday so they could also enter A2 and A3.

3s is console 100%, and we’ve said this 10 times already. It will 1. save time, 2. avoid people whining about the Break’s sticks (which happens 100% of the time), and 3. give people a chance for 3s casuals on the cabinets DURING the tournament. At what other tourney do you get to practice the game you’re about to play moments before your match? The minor differences between the PS2 and arcade version of 3s are so ridiculously small that even the Japanese players don’t care about them…if you’re some kind of a meticulously detail-focused person who is going to bitch, don’t come. The major complaints I’ve had about 3s are NOT about game differences, but about people who aren’t used to playing on joysticks! Um, 3s has been on console for about 7 years now, time to get used to it I think…

As for DOA4, I really don’t think it’s going to be Friday, I’m probably going to change it to Sunday. You are 100% wrong when you said that DOA4 players play Tekken; in fact, VERY FEW players play both besides probably Jason Cole. The DOA4 players are going to come just for DOA4 and nothing else, so I’d rather do it midday Sunday or something like that. Although there’s a possibility I may do it Friday night as well, but I have to make a solid decision soon.

So, let me explain to you what would happen if we used your schedule:

Friday:
Nobody shows up and the arcade is nearly empty all day. We miss out on valuable time we could be finishing a tournament or two, because honestly, nobody cares about team tournaments.

Saturday:
We are ridiculously pressed for time and space, trying to run both CvS2 and Tekken 5 simultaneously. We are also ridiculously crunched for space trying to run 3s on cabs, because the cabs are small and the controls suck. We get 1 million complaints about 360s on 3s and once again, people shit all over the tournament. ST goes smooth, but then it ends around 8-9pm and we have no time to have A2 or A3. CvS2 does not finish because of lack of TVs/consoles/joysticks while Tekken was running and spills over into Sunday. We try to squeeze in DOA4 and that ends up taking forever because we only have one station for it, due to lack of space. Nobody is happy besides Marvel players, who spent most of the day doing money matches and drinking.

Sunday:
Nobody shows up for MvC2 until 2pm (they all drank the night before) and it takes forever to get the tournament started. We should have started top 16 at 8pm, but it didn’t start until 10 because we’re behind. CvS2 had to finish so we had a very late start with Gulity Gear, and those people are pissed. Plus, we had to force the CvS2 top 16 to play immediately after the end finishing quals because we’re strapped for time, giving them no rest at all. In addition, nobody shows up for A2/A3 because the ST players have mostly gone home already. Marvel finishes after midnight, everybody is tired, and turnout for a lot of games was ruined.

So…

In conclusion, thanks for the advice, but no thanks. We know what we’re doing, we didn’t just magically make a schedule for no reason. If you wanted to talk to us about this, it’s called an IM or a PM or hell, call me on the cell. Don’t go on SRK trying to blast us and make us look stupid, because you just made yourself look even worse.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/128
>    You want to be considerate to the GG players, so you have their tourney at 6pm on a Friday when the majority of NJ GG players said they can’t make it on a Friday? The GG scene in TX is much bigger than in NJ so of course more people would show up there, I’m setting the over/under on 10 people for Slash tournament if it runs Friday at 6pm. Last year we were able to give the GG people casuals, tons of space, and not really a wait (once the tournament started it went very quickly, and it only started 1 hour late!)

Last year we also didn’t have CvS2, 3s, and DOA4 on console. It is UNFAIR to these gamers to force them to play on Saturday/Sunday when I know there will be next to no time to pay attention to their tournament. I’m sorry that the New Jersey community can’t make it, really, but it’s called a MAJOR because it’s three days. If you can’t make it the day of your tournament, tough shit. Remember I didn’t even want to have this tournament, but thanks to Josh Wigfall and Chaz campaigning for it, it’s going to happen. I have nothing against the Guilty Gear community but I’m not going to sacrifice the “big 4” aka the four major capcom games for this game. ECC was founded on Street Fighter and will forever be based around Street fighter. If they have a problem with that, tough shit. I’m trying to give them the most help possible here, and if they don’t understand that, to hell with it!

>    If I recall correctly, for the past couple years CVS2 at ECC has been getting 80+ people, the lowest number I can recall for CVS2 was at ECC7 which was capped at 64 people. CVS2 was usually one match every year, except guess what, THE YEAR THERE WAS POOLS! Let’s look at the history of CVS2
>
>    ECC7 - 2 out of 3, single elim until top 16 which is then double elimination bracket - TOOK FOREVER
>    ECC8 - single match (until top 16), double elim - TOOK FOREVER
>    ECC9 - pools (CONSOLE), 2 out of 3, top 16 double elim 2 out of 3 - TOOK FOREVER
>    ECCX - pools (ARCADE), 2 out of 3, top 16 double elim 2 out of 3 - TOOK FOREVER
>
>    but here’s one thing, as ECC went on the #'s in CVS2 actually rose.
>    Here are the benefits of having pools
>    For the organizers - the same people are there all the time so instead of looking for someone for 5 minutes you can have them hang right by their machine which saves a lot of time
>    For the players - you don’t have to wait multiple hours in between matches which will happen in CVS2 even if you have console, you can get all your matches done in a short period of time and find out if you have to come back later for the top 16 or not.

One thing you’re forgetting: we will have at least 3-4 CvS2 stations at all times. Yes it’s slightly harder to run, but I’m SORRY I dont’ believe we’re getting 80 entries. I dont’ know what crack you’ve been smoking but ECC hasn’t had 80+ people in a tournament for years. I like how you can quote mythical facts but you are wrong, lol.

>    Well more like 6 years (October 2000), but people will be whining about I lost because it’s console (which happens 100% of the time)

People will ALWAYS complain no matter what. The difference is, for console you can simply say “you played on your own stick/you SHOULD have played on your own stick” and it’s over. For arcade, you have to eat the blame for shitty controls. But I’m sure you don’t see the difference since you’ve never taken blame…

>    My reasoning that DOA4 players usually play Tekken is based on the fact if you look at the tournaments on TZ they seem to advertise them together and the results seem to have the same people in them. I know VA plays both, so I’m not sure if it’s specific to that region or not.

In texas, the only person who played in both was Jason Cole, and I regularly check the actual DOA forums and haven’t seen much about overlapping tournaments. Perhaps the Tekken tournament holders just like to hold DOA4 as a secondary event? I haven’t heard jack about this and nobody has posted saying that they’d like DOA4 the same day as Tekken besides you. SO…if people feel that way, please request it.

>    It’s like this every year at ECC and it will be like it this year too.

Which is why I’d rather have Guilty Gear in a relatively empty arcade than in a jam-packed sardine can. If you can’t see the logic behind this, you’re probably not a logical person.

>    So CVS2 won’t finish if it’s run next to console Tekken 5, but it will finish if it’s run next to console 3S?? And the reasoning for this is? Last year more people entered 3S than T5 and I bet it will happen this year too since there’s no thread about it on any tekken message boards - why not contact STEVE HANNA he’ll run it for you. Actually this is more likely to happen with 3S running at the same time because most tekken people DONT USE JOYSTICKS, hardly anyone is going to be playing 3S on pad, same goes with CVS2. And without the tekken people in the arcade, THE TEKKEN PEOPLE WONT BRING PS2s or EQUIPMENT SINCE THEY HAVE NO REASON TO COME ON SATURDAY and since your logic that people who play capcom will show up on saturday regardless the same amount of TVs will be brought on Saturday by outsiders, so this problem is more likely to occur rnning CVS2/3S than T5/CVS2

We can solve this in several different ways…either we can cancel Tekken 5 entirely (I have no problem doing this, ESPECIALLY since so many people will be complaining that it’s not DR, which you can blame Namco for making PSP-only) or else we can try to swap the time of Tekken 5, but I’d much rather run CvS2/3s on Saturday so if either spills over, we can finish on Sunday. AGAIN, ECC is focused on the BIG FOUR and nothing else, everything else can suck a dick and these games get preferential treatment because they have been staples of ECC (in one form or another) since it’s inception. I’m not going to cancel 3s for Tekken, so to speak. Also, if Tekken Zaibatsu people don’t have brains enough to remember ECC, that’s pretty fucking lame. Honestly, if they dont care, we don’t have to have it and I can run something else…

>    Why? Guilty Gear people will bring their own equipment, so their start time isn’t dependant on CVS2

Just because someone brings their own equipment, it doesn’t create magical time…you can bring 100 copies of Slash and modded PS2s, but if we have limited space it doesnt mean jack shit…the issue is time and space, NOT copies of games.

>    Huh? This isn’t a marathon, if you claim you lost because you played too many matches in a short period of time that’s a lame excuse

YES and I’m sure you’ve never played 2-3 tournaments back to back EVER! At TS6 I played ALL of my MvC 2 matches, then a ST match, then some DOA matches, then all of my 3s matches, the more DOA4 matches, THEN at 12:30am I was expected to finish my ST matches all back to back. Get the fuck out of here! If you want to have a real, meaningful tournament, you need to have players NOT overtired and overplayed…any REAL player realizes this. Sorry you don’t get it, bro!

>    This will happen regardless

Yes, people will always complain, but at least with my schedule we can defend ourselves and say “at least we tried to split shit up, it’s not our fault.” With your schedule it’s trying to do all the console shit in 1 day and it’s bound for failure.

>    I’m not I’m just pointing out flaws that will happen based on my experience.

Then you’re experience is absolutely shitty. Get your head out of your butt and realize that you’re looking from the perspective of 1-2 tournies only.

>    But if you don’t want to listen to me fine, you’ll find out for yourself when it happens.

I’d much rather make my own mistakes than suffer because I listened to somebody else. Josh and I stand by our schedule and if there’s issues, we’ll take the blame. Much better than saying “FUCKING ROB SIGLEY FUCKED UP ECC!” See, we’re men who take fault for shit that happens, we don’t blame it on others. Again, if you wanted to talk about this you could have PMed, IMed, or called us. By bringing it out here you only made yourself look foolish, and like you were looking for attention.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/131
I hardly believe that a post starting with “do you guys even care about ECC?” is trying to give constructive criticism. He didn’t even ask US, he addressed the public, basically saying “dont you think that Wigfall and DSP don’t know what they’re doing?” The funny thing is, since he posted, only ONE person has agreed with him, lol.

When you open a post by shitting on someone’s face and reputation, it doesn’t really matter what you say afterwards, it’s going to be taken as diarrhea.

The major points that Rob made…that 1. he doens’t think Guilty Gear will get many entries on Friday, and 2. that 3s should be on arcade…are not valid. With all the console tournaments going on already that MUST go on (when I say that, I mean the “big four” and Tekken) there is no time to cram in Guilty Gear as well. And 3s will be on console, 100%. I don’t know how many times I have to say it, both Josh and I have decided on this and set it in stone. The amount of people whining about console 3s is miniscule compared to the amount of people who have said “thank god, now I can actually play instead of fucking up on shitty 360s and cramped cabinets.”

It is also insanity to try to cram MvC2 into one day, and I stand behind Wigfall on that. Also running pools for every game takes MASSIVE time, since you have to create 8+ fair pools of seeded players from different regions, and thats just ridiculous. It’s going to take me 2x the amount of time it will take for me to create a double elim bracket, and it will also take 2x as long to run the tournament, since basically there will be people losing more than twice but still playing. It just doesn’t make sense in this kind of venue…again, if we were at EVO in a big hall with lots of space, and 10+ stations to play on, I would run pools, but it makes no sense at the Break. We’re going to try to cram in 5-6 console stations as it is but we’ll be lucky if we can do even that.

I am HAPPY to accept constructive criticism. But Rob apparently doens’t know how to go about it in a human manner. Wigfall IMed me the other day basically saying that Sigley shit on us like we’re assholes that dont’ care about ECC and he’s not happy about it. At first I thought he was overreacting until I read the thread myself. It’s great that Rob is trying to help, but I think HE needs help with his personal skills a bit. If you do want to discuss this further, feel free to IM me or Wigfall or give me a call, you have my phone #. Or we can just do a group chat on AIM one night or something, let me know.

By the way, I’m going to Final Round so maybe you, me and Wigfall can do a round-table there or something.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/136
&& UNSURE
If there is overwhelming demand for CvS2 pools, I will do it. In fact, I’m going to create a poll right now so that people can have input on it.

HOWEVER, Tekken 5 is on console, or else it just won’t happen. The Break has one DR machine, and already I heard people are complaining the controls don’t work. It will be IMPOSSIBLE to get enough Tekken DR machines to run an arcade tournament, those things are more rare and expensive than back in the day when CvS2 was new…it’s just NOT REASONABLE to be demanding a tournament for it. If you want to blame someone, blame braindead Namco for trying to sell PSPs by making it only for that system.

Check out tournaments and events for the poll!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/138
&& UNSURE
>    I’m pretty sure Chris can get another Cabinet for DR.
>
>    That cabinet already had problems with the controls.
>
>    Point is not many people will show up for 5.0. DR is the new shit, and numbers prove that it will be the next big thing…

I really dont understand what people dont understand. THERE IS NO WAY TO HAVE A TEKKEN DR TOURNAMENT. Unless it magically appears on PS2 before ecc its not going to happen. Even if the break had 2 machines it still wouldnt be enough to hold a massive tourney like ecc. I’m THIS close to canceling tekken altogether at which time I WILL put guilty gear in its time slot.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/140
&& UNSURE
>    Be my guest.
>
>    No one is going to that trash ass 5.0 tourney…
>
>    Oh and another thing. I really like to know what you are talking about in terms of “Not being big enough to hold a massive tourney”
>
>    Clash 2k6= 87 people
>    Last Years ECC= 67 to 70…
>
>    So please explain to me how it won’t be big…

2 cabinets is not sufficient for a major. We do realize T5DR would get huge numbers which is why we KNOW we cant do it with 2 cabinets. You know that shit. I know it. All I keep hearing is “if its not DR im not going” I dont here any realistic suggestions or solutions.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/146
>    wow i have never heard any1 whore moan like you before. Fuckin run that shit wit 2 machines. AND if u have pools like you did last year it wont be that big of a deal.
>
>    80 people. 16 Pools. Top 2 advance. 5 People per pool.
>
>    Each pool should take about 10-15 minutes. If you have 16 pools thats like 4 hours max and then a 32 man double elim bracket would take another 2 hours.max. 6 hours for a major? Thats not too bad if u ask me

Dude who the fuck do you think you are? Whore moan? I’m trying to make accomadations for a game that I dont even play and then have to be insulted on this page by ingrates like you who dont see the effort people are putting forth to make shit shit happen for YOUR community. 8 on the break has ONE DR cab. ONE. ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE ONE. I was saying that even IF the the arcade could get 2 cabinets for DR it still would be sufficient for ecc. Eat a dick.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/150
A lot of replies:

I really didn’t figure that putting up posters at the break was going to affect anything, everybody knows when and where ECC is and you pretty much have to go to SRK to figure out the details anyway, regardless of flyers. Maybe putting up flyers at the break would bring an additional 5 people, but exactly as you’ve said, neither of us live in NJ near the break, so we had no means to put anything up anyway. As for other promotion, why do you think Josh and went to TS6, are going to Final Round, etc.? We are talking up a storm about ECC.

    After talking with Phi last night, pools are a good idea, just not round robin. The reason I was 100% against pools here is because pools in the very sense means round robin…what Phi has been doing the past few years is really 8 mini-double-elim brackets, of whom the winner of winners finals and losers finals qualify for top 16, which resets. I have nothing against this style of running the brackets as opposed to one huge double elim bracket, and since most players in the Pools poll seem to want pools, this is what we will go for. But full round-robin pools will NOT be happening due to time constraints.

    Guilty Gear entries really don’t matter to me in the least. I don’t know if you remember, but I was actually staunchly against even running Guilty Gear this year. It gets the least number of entries a lot of the time, it takes up lots of consoles and space, we need specialized consoles to have it (every one must be a Japanese PS2) and then usually the players split after the tournament, so we don’t even get to keep using their stuff for other tournaments…a big hassle when you have to start switching shit around when you’re trying to finish other games. ECC is, and always has been, a Capcom-centered tournament, and as long as the BIG FOUR get run properly - that is, CvS2, MvC2, ST and 3s - then we will be fine. However, after I proposed not having Guilty Gear, every fucking whiny player on the planet flamed me saying that I was being biased. So, since this game is the most intrusive of all games that will be played at ECC since we need to use Japanese equipment, we need to have it at a time that will not interfere with anything else…Friday. Pair that with the fact that the Guilty Gear players will not be forced to hang around the Break with non-Guilty Gear players, in a smelly and crowded environment, and will actually get some casual play in beforehand, and you’ve actually got a good deal if you play the game.

Seriously, the “I can’t come on Friday” argument is really weak to me. Last year, fucking SUPER TURBO was held on Friday and half the ST players didn’t even show up, and the sticks on only 2/3 cabinets worked. ST is one of the BIG FOUR and it got shit-ass treatment. But those who were dedicated ST players took the time off from work and got their asses to the Break. Street Fighter players have been making sacrifices for years to play their games, so don’t give me the sob story argument about how Guilty Gear players have lives too and they can’t take Friday off, because I’ve been there every year since I started going to ECC and any other 3-day fighting game major. If they can’t make it, then they are not dedicated enough players or they don’t have the balls to take Friday off, I don’t know what to tell you. ECC is not going to be dictated to by a handful of players who want to be pampered rather than sacrifice to keep their community alive.

If you really want to appeal to someone, it’s got to be Chaz from NYC. Chaz got 3rd at Slash in Texas and he’s going to be directing Slash at ECC. So if these Guilty Gear players have so many problems with a Friday tournament, have them contact him somehow. You know how I feel on the issue.

    No, nobody has talked to Chris, because as soon as Wigfall and I announced that we wanted to run ECC since Phi was not doing it anymore, it was quickly changed to “Phi has made up a team of guys to run ECC this year so he gets some time off.” Phi even said it to me in that way in an IM yesterday, which kind of made me do a double take, because I really did think that this thing was 100% in our hands, but apparently not. I barely know Chris, I talk to him maybe 10 minutes every ECC and maybe 1-2 times every break tournament. I don’t have his contact info, and I don’t have an established relationship with him. I’m not trying to be a dick at all here, but think of it this way: Since both Josh and I have no established relationship with him, and since you Rob and Phi do, why don’t you guys just let him know that Josh and myself will be directing the tournament this year, but that you guys will be helping (or at least backing us up to do so?)? That way, he’ll feel more at ease than just thinking that two nobodies are taking over ECC and are going to run it into the ground.

As for the “more console than ever” issue, I think the problem here is miscommunication. The $10 entrance fee, Josh and I both assumed, goes to the Break as rental space for all the console tournaments. In previous years, I actually did attempt to find out what happens to the entrace fee at tournaments, and every single time I attempted to find this out, I was met with resistance, as if it were some super-secret conspiracy. Josh and I plan to make ZERO dollars on ECC, in fact, with all the travel time, time off of work, equipment we’re lending, food we’ll be eating, hotel rooms, etc., we plan to lose a LOT of money on the venture. So get any notion that we’re pocketing funds out of your minds, because that is 100% wrong.

Here is the bottom line: between having the Break packed all weekend long with players on all cabs, and having his grill pretty much going all weekend with his really tasty breaksteaks, Chris is going to make a buttload of money regardless of if games are on console or cabinet. Sure, 3s may be on console, but I guarantee you people will be playing on the 3s cabs the entire weekend to get practice in. MvC2 will be packed all weekend as well, as will CvS2. The only games I foresee not being played are the broken CPS1s that never get play anyway…also, I’ll be running Alpha 2 and Alpha 3, so that’s more additional revenue for Chris since it will be pay-for-play. Let’s say that 125 players show up for ECC - that’s $1250 plus all money for casuals, and pay-for-play for ST and MvC2 which should be damned close to $750 or more, PLUS all the money he’ll make on the grill all weekend which is going to be a ridiculous amount as well. If he’s going to argue that he’s not making as much as if there were no ECC this year, he is just wrong. I guarantee that having ECC, even mostly on console as it will be this year, is going to make a buttload more money than having his usual 20 DDR players there and the rest being totally empty. Again, I’m not trying to be a jerk, I’m just being realistic, and if you think that Chris will complain that we took 3s off cabs and onto console, then somebody needs to explain to him how much money he’s making off ECC regardless of the one-game switch.

Now as for your comment that we’re not fronting anything, here is the problem: I have said time and time again that I am willing to donate my time, equipment, and talents to helping the community, but the one thing I really do not have is money. If you’re asking me to front $1000 to rent Tekken DR cabs, transport them to the Break (which will cost more than renting them), and then shell out another couple hundred bucks to buy controls for the cabs we will be playing on, the answer is I can’t. I am not rich by any means, I don’t live with my parents, I have a bajillion bills to pay and I simply don’t have the funds to do so. Trust me, if I ever got a decent paying job or I hit the lotto, the first thing I would do is run the most crazy series of pimped-out SF tournaments ever. But I just can’t do it. Now if you are suggesting we front money but then take it out of the entry fees later, that’s also unacceptable. That would be like gambling: Gee, I hope that we get 150 players so we can actually pay our $1500 bill that we wracked up getting equipment here! Pair that with the fact that I don’t have $1500 available in funds to front in the first place! I live day-to-day and as scary as that sounds, that’s life in America if you don’t live with your parents and can’t find a decent job.

The argument about renting Tekken DR cabinets is ridiculous and it’s not going to happen. Even if we go out of our way to locate the few people in NJ who own the cabs, now we have to negotiate to rent the cabs for the weekend, find a way to transport them to-from the break (which will be costly and time consuming, even if we just rent a fucking U-Haul truck) and then we’re responsible for moving them around, making space, getting them working, and then replacing the DR controls…which are different from every other American fighting game machine, ever. RIDICULOUSLY UNREASONABLE! I would have to take time off of work starting fucking Wednesday to start picking up these cabs, and then not go back until the next Wednesday to have enough time to clean up and drop them off. Get the fuck out of here! I really do feel bad, but Namco has buttfucked their own US gaming scene by not making DR for PS2 just so the ever-greedy Sony can sell PSPs. I think it’s assinine, but getting enough DR cabs to run a proper tournament at the Break is just not going to happen - just look at Ranma’s post about how it will take us at LEAST 8-12 hours to run this thing, and that’s hoping controls don’t break, and you will see why.

    Now, if we DO need new sticks for games like MvC2 and such, I might be able to front a couple hundred bucks for those, because that’s not a ridiculous amount of money. If we need this Ronny guy to install them, I would suggest the best time is opening time for the Break that Friday, since there will be no MvC2 singles tourney that day and will give at least a day to get the sticks broken in. Again, I won’t be able to take a freaking week off of work for this, so it will have to be done Friday morning, and if people don’t like the sticks, well that’s just the peril of playing on arcade cabs with shitty 360s. 360s are the fucking bane of fighting game players but besides a few people who were around before they were so prominent, nobody wants to admit it. SWITCH STICKS ARE 300% BETTER THAN 360s and if people would just get it through their heads, we would have so many better tournaments…oh well.

    I have not been able to get sponsorship because, as I’ve already said, it’s pretty much impossible when you’re not really running your own tournament. If Josh and I were taking 100% possession of ECC and were running it at a location we chose, then I would have no problem getting sponsors, and I guarantee you that I would be able to have gotten sponsors 6 months ago. But basically being “locked” into the break because, as Phi put it, “ECC is, was, and always will be run at the Break, because Chris Cotty has put so much into it, it is really HIS tournament” and then being told that we’re just “a team that Phi has put together to run ECC” is kind of counter-productive. Let’s be honest: Capcom of America no longer exists, Namco doesn’t sponsor local nobody tournaments, has anybody even heard from Sammy? The only hope would be to possibly get some sponsorship from game control makers like Nubytech or Hori, or maybe Bawls since we all drink so much of it. But again, there is miscommunication: nobody has come to me and said HEY PHIL! Last year we got sponsorship from Bawls and they donated $500 bucks for controls, it was great! All I’ve been told is that Nubytech donated a few of their HORRIBLE joysticks for the tournament last year for Anniversary Edition, which is so ridiculously laughable, I left my “prize” behind at the break after winning that tournament.

Rob, if you have been in talks with Hori about sponsorship and getting some free stuff for the tournament, PLEASE let me or Josh know about it so we can pick up where you left off. Having a few extra Hori sticks around is going to be VERY beneficial if somebody’s stuff breaks down, or if someone doesn’t have their own stick. Besides that, unless we can get some kind of monetary sponsorship from one of these companies, I really dont’ see how getting a “sack o’ junk” (forgive the figure of speech) is going to help us run ECC.

I hope that this post clears up some of the issues that have been addressed here, and ultimately helps us make ECC a better tournament.

EDIT: Just to let everyone know, my “R.I.P. Jay Snyder” Avatar was deleted by SRK faggot mods who thought it was offensive. So people can have huge, half-naked tits in their avatars, offensive language in their signatures, and flame people to shit on GD…but god forbid you try to do something funny and your name is DSP. FUCK YOU, whoever deleted my avatar, you are a pussy bitch.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/156
&& UNSURE
>    I think canceling Tekken might be a good idea Phil.
>
>    I’m not all that hot for having it canceled, but it sounds like the way to go.
>
>    Oh and:
>
>    vs
>
>    ;p

You also notice that Todd didn’t make ridiculous exceptions and sacrifices for non-SF audiences. Todd was actually very against adding Tekken to the lineup of ECC for a very long time, although I can’t say it’s 100% because of time issues. But that’s why we’re having these issues with Guilty Gear. Hey, again, if Guilty Gear could be played on US PS2s these issues wouldn’t even exist…but I don’t want to be totally swapping PS2s and tvs and stations and shit in the middle of a tournament for the dumb reason that we need modded equipment. I want smooth transition between games and tournaments and MAXIMUM SPACE and time. That can’t happen if I shove all console games into 2 days.

Tekken DR is not going to happen in any way, shape or form. So if that’s that, and nobody is going to come for Tekken 5, we may as well cancel. This might be dumb but I’ll create a poll and see what we come up with. If we do cancel Tekken 5, that gives us a LOT of leeway time-wise, since undoubtedly Tekken would have taken a lot of time Sunday…that would actually work well, since we could do all CvS2, then lots of 3s Saturday, finish 3s first thing Sunday, then final 16 for both tournaments Sunday night. That would actually work really well…

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/166
&& UNSURE
Running a tournament the same day as ECC,MWC,or EVO, is such a Fucking slap in the face. I mean wow! Here I am trying to accomadate everyone and look what happens.

I really am sorry we cant run a full scale Tekken DR tournament, but it really is out of our hands. Its not our fault its not available for console. Phil and I were thinking of doing a 32 man capped DR tournament friday and switching GG slash to Sunday. I know capped tourneys suck becasuse everyone wont get to enter but since we cant do do a full scale tourney and the tekken community hates 5.0 that fucking much what other choice is there. This is up in the air right now and by no means official. I know the guilty gear players love this idea but I’d rather here what the tekken players think before I make my final decision. I’m to post this on both srk and TZ.

P.S. I’m posting this for feedback NOT for flames. If you have some ignorant shit to say please keep it to yourself. We ARE trying to accomadate everyone. Thank you.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/179
>    bitches and hoes, chris. bitches and hoes.

The only bitches and hoes to be had at the Break are DDR girls…which are not only underage…but either overweight or just plain fucking ugly. The rainbow colored hair usually doesn’t help them either.

Has there EVER been a hot girl sighted at an ECC??? I sure as hell don’t remember once since like, the first time Todd’s girlfriend showed up BACK IN THE DAY to tell him he’s a nerd. Now that’s some OG shiznit.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/190
On an unrelated note…

Let it be known that because of the immensely disrespectful actions of James “Jamie” Austin, that freakshow is now officially the first person to be banned from any ECC. Anyone who basically wishes one of the tournament organizers dead, after being shot and seriously wounded, does not deserve to attend a positive event like ECCXI.

GGPO, freak.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/210
Cuervo, you speak for nobody but the misinformed idiots of the world. I may be nicknamed “the King of Hate” but all the things I do are usually entertaining and to draw attention to the community. I have never, EVER, done something so low and evil as wishing someone got shot in the head and died, because of some really stupid personal vendetta. There are a lot of people I dislike, but I would never wish them dead, EVER.

Who the fuck are you to tell ME how pertinent I am to the community? If I’m such a horrible person, why do I have friends in every place I travel to? Why would I even be trusted with running ECC this year if I was such a detriment to the community? I have run numerous tournaments and assisted at numerous majors, what the fuck have you done?

You are the definition of troll: a nobody who flames just to get noticed. Well, you fucked with the wrong guy, and just made yourself look pretty dumb.

Anyway…

As for GGXX Slash, there is a HIGH chance it will now be on Sunday, since the majority of Guilty Gear players in New Jersey wanted the tourney on the weekend instead of Friday.

It is now OFFICIAL that Tekken 5 is CANCELLED, since Jinmaster decided to go ahead and run a DR tournament at Philly the same weekend as ECC, just to spite us…so I’m sorry Tekken community, WE TRIED, but Jinmaster just fucked all of you over. I hope you can make it out to Philly, and if you were planning on playing multiple games like Tekken plus Street Fighter, you can thank Jinmaster for fucking everything up and being a selfish fuck.

Finally, 3s has been announced for the PS2 console for months now, due to the results of a poll here on SRK where an overwhelming amount of people requested it. 3s will be starting around 6-8pm on Saturday because we are going to run through CvS2 until the top 16 and then stop…this will definitely take at least 4-6 hours to complete. At that time, we will convert all console stations over to 3s, which we will play for about another 4-6 hours until 12am, and then we will shut down ECC for the night, and continue 3s the next day. Again, this has now been in the schedule for weeks, please read the first post for details.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/243
Here’s some news for you…

I have been suspended from work at Best Buy for two days because of a “pending investigation” of the HR department. I purchased three PS2s a few days ago for use at ECC, and used my employee discount, which was a whopping 90 CENTS off each one. I came in the next day and my store manager had me writing up a statement saying that the PS2s were for my personal use since I’m a tournament director of ECC and basically I’m not trying to give them to anybody else or sell them for profit (which would be a violation of the terms of the employee discount policy).

I’m thinking everything is fine, then I come into work this morning and a manager says that HR is investigating me and I’m being suspended for at least 48 hours until they are finished. ALL THIS OVER $2.70. I could have easily bought the PS2s elsewhere but I figured hey, I work at Best Buy, I can just pick them up there!

What the fuck?!?!? I just can’t catch a break man.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/254
I just got fired from my job.

They provided no proof of any wrongdoing at all, just said that the corporate office decided to terminate me on grounds of violating the employee purchase policy. I even have it in writing, but there’s no evidence whatsoever. Now I have to 1. look for a new job and 2. pray that unemployment doesn’t say I’m ineligible because I was terminated.

As amazing as this sounds, it’s actually pretty much true for any multi-million dollar company: any person at any time is expendible.

So yeah, the next few days I’ll be applying around for jobs…

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/262
>    Can’t you sue for wrongful termination? AFAIK If they can’t document why you were fired, then they have no right to do so

I’m pretty sure I can. I talked to a friend’s mom last night and she told me I should go to the Department of Labor first thing monday, explain what happened, and demand a hearing. According to her, the Dept of Labor is extremely pro-worker and they will probably try to convince me to get a case going against Best Buy.

The only problem is, I have no idea how much time and money it will cost to get a lawyer and do this. Right now, if I don’t get unemployment in the next couple of weeks, I will start defaulting on bills and then GGPO credit. The case will probably take a year or more just to get to court, and as long as Best Buy agrees to pay unemployment anyway, they only thing I’ll have to gain is to actually get my job back…which is not going to work out since I’m sure it’s going to be super uncomfortable to go back there after getting canned.

At any rate I’ll be applying for unemployment on Monday and we’ll see what happens. I’ll keep you guys updated so hopefully, if this ever happens to any one of you, you will know what to do as well.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/265
&& UNSURE
Why do I get the feeling that the 1243-lawyer team Best Buy has working for them won’t agree to appear on Judge Judy???

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/269
I’ve already had to back out of all my money matches for Final Round, and it only makes sense to do so for ECC as well. I’m not going to make any promises when I have no idea if I’ll be employed by then, or if im going to be granted unemployment.

Joey Crack, please let me know what days you will be attending ECC, and also if we could use your PS2 throughout the ENTIRE event, or just for certain things (for example, if you’re not staying til the end of ECC on Sunday night, we’d need to know). Also, if its a Jap PS2 we can use it for Slash, so we need to know. You’ll get free entry into a game since you’re lending the PS2 and a copy of a tournament game. Thanks in advance.

This goes for anyone else too, we are in DESPERATE need of TVs right now, anything around 20 inches or more will be fine. We are probably going to have at least 7-8 PS2s but as of now we only have 4-5 TVs. IF YOU LIVE IN NEW JERSEY OR THE SURROUNDING AREA, AND CAN BRING A TV, PLEASE DO! YOU WILL BE COMPENSATED.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/281
&& UNSURE
Here are some ECC updates:

First, the official ECC pre-registraion thread has been opened:
http://www.shoryuken.com/forums/showthread.php?t=112728
Check it out for detailed instructions on how to pre-register for ECC, pay ahead of time, and AVOID the extra $5 registration fee for doing it last minute. I’ve been trying to get it stickied but the mods have been lazy, so if you know one please let them know.

Also, it looks like we are all set with donated PS2s, copies of CvS2/3s, and controls for arcade cabinets…however, there is STILL a great need for donated TVs! So far we will probably only have 5-6 and we are hoping for 7-8 console stations…PLEASE if you live in or near the tri-state area and can bring a TV around 19" or larger, LET US KNOW! We will compensate you with free entry into tournaments so it is well worth it to just take up a seat in your car with a TV…trust me, I know it’s a pain in the ass to lug a TV around (I’m bringing THREE to ECC myself) but it will be worth it when we are able to finish the tournaments by midnight EVERY night and everyone can get some sleep…or casuals or drinking or whatever floats your boat.

Finally, please check the first page of this thread for the FINALIZED schedule of events. DOA4 has moved to Saturday night, GG Slash is now Sunday, etc. so make sure you are showing up at the right time for your event. PLEASE KEEP IN MIND that if you do not pre-register or register on Friday, there WILL be a last-minute registration fee of $15 instead of $10 because it will be a pain in the ass to have to re-draw brackets on Saturday and basically hold up the tournament. NO EXCUSES, REGISTER ONLINE OR ON FRIDAY!

In the meantime, if anybody can donate a TV, please PM me or Dawigsta or post here!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/301
Guilty Gear Slash is NOT cancelled at ECC, only retards who are mad that James is banned from ECC are saying that to try to get people to NOT come. And people wonder why I have issues with that gaming community…

Slash WILL take place, it’s currently scheduled for Sunday afternoon. I haven’t been able to see what people have been saying on Guilty Gear message boards because James had me banned. However, at least two people told me they are bringing their modded PS2s to play Slash, in addition to what Chaz is bringing, so we should definitely be good here.

Also, since it seems like there might be a demand for team tournaments now, I will definitely consider it. IF these take place, it will either be Saturday night, or during the day on Sunday. The only reason I can’t set it in stone right now is because we have to see how long it takes to get through CvS2/3s singles on Saturday, and depending on that we will begin to take registrations for team tournaments.

Possible team tournaments are:
-CvS2 3-on-3
-3s 3-on-3
-ST 3-on-3 OR random teams drawn out of a hat (to prevent ridiculousness like Team God a few years back)

If we can get 8 teams for any of these tournaments, I will definitely hold them. SO if you are interested, POST HERE with your team!

NOTE: I will NOT be taking pre-registration for these tournaments through Paypal, only because they are TENTATIVE and I don’t want to have to refund money if for some reason they end up not happening.

One other note: There is a strong possibility of an Alpha 2/Alpha 3 singles tournament happening on Sunday as well, so if you are interested you should definitely let people know!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/305
Sucks that

You believe rumors from people on IRC without consulting anyone,
You still insist on hating on ECC and staff for your own selfish reasons.

More than likely it was James or one of his friends who is spreading rumors, nothing I can do about that, but don’t believe everything you hear from nobodies.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/309
>    I’ll be the first to say that rob is definitely one of the more selfless of the SF community gamers.

Yes, but when it comes to ECC this year, he is not selfless at all. First he posted in here shitting on Wigfall and I, asking us if we even cared about ECC, when it’s an obvious answer that we do and it’s an insult to be asking something like that.

Then he followed me onto the Tekken Zaibatsu forums after I had explained to the Tekken community that we could not hold a full-scale DR tournament at ECC (and even outlined the cost to rent/ship another cabinet to the Break and why it was unreasonable), and instead of backing us up, decided to shit on us again, basically saying we should find DR boards and superguns and somehow learn how to hook them up. He basically said we didn’t care about Tekken either and it was our incompetence that led to the problem with Tekken at ECC. This was all AFTER I had already explained to the Tekken community that it is unreasonable to expect Wigfall and I to find Tekken DR boards, rent them, pick them up, hook them up some special way, etc., all for ONE game at ECC. That is just a ridiculous demand for one game, and even EVO isn’t having DR this year, so there is no issue up for debate. However, Rob, decided to basically make it look like we didn’t care about Tekken, which is NOT true. It was only after Jinmaster decided to selfishly run an Tekken DR tournament the same weekend as ECC that we said screw this, Tekken is cancelled, let Jinmaster take the blame for separating the community because he’s a selfish pig.

Now, every time I turn around we have Rob trying to find tiny mistakes to make me look bad. OH MY GOD, it was only the past two EVOs NOT the past three that used PS2 versions of CvS2…OH MY GOD ECC used DC one year not PS2…who cares?

Now he’s on here basically shitting on me again, saying that Guilty Gear Slash is going to suck because of some drama that went on over 3 months ago, even trying to spread rumors that Slash is cancelled because of what some idiot on IRC said. WRONG. I already talked to someone in the Guilty Gear community who has been all over the Guilty Gear message boards, who said that they view Slash as being in the hands of Chaz, so LOTS of people are coming. In fact, a LOT of gamers are going to the Ohio tournament on Saturday, then flying into Jersey for the Slash tournament on Sunday of ECC, according to my sources.

The ONLY person who is saying Slash is cancelled at ECC is James Austin, a.k.a. the person I had to ban from ECC for HIS OWN GOOD because of the ridiculous things he said (and KEPT saying after being warned). I’m afraid if we let him go, he would actually be in danger for “crossing the line” perhaps not from Wigfall and myself, but from someone else without as much self control. It is just the smart thing to do, I do not want to tarnish the legacy of ECC by having somebody beat the crap out of James because of dumb shit he said here on IRC. James is in #capcom as rabiteluv and he has been trying to talk shit about ECC and basically make it seem like it sucks…but from Guilty Gear players I know, it’s not working, and nobody in the community gives a shit that he’s banned from ECC besides himself.

I honestly have no idea WHY Rob Sigley is out to make me look bad. I never did a fucking thing to him, until he decided to come in this thread and shit on Wigfall and myself (and don’t even try to say he didn’t, it’s pretty much in black and white, when somebody asks you “if you care about ECC” and you’re running the fucking tournament). Don’t worry Rob, the legacy of ECC will not be ruined because of things I said. If ECC DOES fail in any respect, the only thing I can foresee is

    because there is no Tekken (which is out of our control, Jinmaster did this of his own will and we are not willing to spend thousands of dollars to have multiple DR cabs at ECC, and obviously no other major tournament is either, so SUE ME)

    because there MIGHT not be as good of a turnout for Guilty Gear Slash as we’d like. NOT because of the comments I said MONTHS ago which most people don’t even fucking remember, but because James Austin is on a mission to make ECC look bad through IRC and Guilty Gear message boards, because he said some of the dumbest shit ever on SRK and now doesn’t want to face the consequences of his own actions.

The ONLY reason I can think that Rob Sigley is so pissed at me is because, at previous Phi-run tournaments including ECC, he’s been his “right hand man,” pretty much running CvS2 and other side events. That’s great, but guess what, ECC is not run by Phi this year and we don’t need your help. Seriously. I’m sorry you’re taking it in such a bad way and you think you’re experienced and a professional…and Phi has addressed me as being “unprofessional”…but let’s get serious: THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL THING YOU CAN DO IS TRY TO SHIT ON THE NEW STAFF OF ECC AT EVERY FUCKING SECOND, ACROSS DIFFERENT WEBSITE MESSAGE BOARDS. YOU are hurting ECC right now more than Wigfall or myself ever could. GET OVER YOURSELF. If you have something to say, say it to US, and not here where you are tarnishing the image of ECC as a whole.

That’s all I have to say about this issue, if Rob says anything else I’m just going to ignore it, and leave the rest of the comments in this thread for real tournament information.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/316
>    Well DSP, in all honesty (and my apologies if this causes even more drama) the comments you made at the begining of this thread towards the Guilty Gear players are the sole reeason there’s another tournament being held in Ohio. In reality it has nothing to do with Jamie. The comments you made were pretty much uncalled for, and when Sigley and myself tried to tell you GG would have been better of Sunday, that’s when you threw up the wall, accused much of the GG of not having much devotion, and basically slapped them all in the face.
>
>    Now they’re obviously going to prove you wrong by attempting to go to BOTH tournaments in the span of less then half a day, and that INCLUDES the guy who’s running GG at ECC.
>
>    Come on man, think things through before you speak. As much as your set up for having GG on Friday was a positive thing (what with the Break likely being empty) it still gave off the air of having to separate the GG community from the entire rest of the tournament, like you really didn’t really want to bother with them.
>
>    Phi never had a problem with GG. He had it at every tournament that he held for as long as I had attended, even when we had no more than 10 folks enter. Hell, last year Phi went so far as to let me play Melty Blood, a fighter on the PC in the same room as GG, and in all honesty folks actually came to play it, even Combofiend.
>
>    Having the top four Capcom titles at ECC is a given, but it’s odd that you were originally were not going to hold Slash, especially since every other major this year didn’t even give it a second thought as to NOT having it in their roster, and you yourself attended a few of them. Come on now. Sigley was even going to have set ups for FotNS and Melty Blood.
>
>    And as much faith as I have in the GG community, I wouldn’t be surprised if the numbers were low this year, but I just hope it isn’t the END of GG at ECC.
>
>    I’ll be the first to say this, but don’t be surprised to hear people say that they wish Sigley was running ECC instead of you. I won’t lie when I say that I do favor Sigley a bit more, but I still have faith in you.
>    ;\

The only reason there was drama between myself and Guilty Gear players was because, months ago, I posted that I was thinking of doing Guilty Gear Reload, and there was a MASSIVE backlash in my face. Everybody was basically saying “Slash or nothing” and I basically complied and said we will either have slash, or NOTHING. At that point, Slash hadn’t even been released for Japanese PS2 (and there wasn’t even a set release date) so we had no idea if it would be available for ECC or not. It was pretty much the same situation as Tekken DR ended up in - at that point, it looked like we would have had to go through a ridiculous amount of trouble to get enough supplies together to run a full-scale Slash tournament. In fact, to be totally honest it is STILL up in the air whether or not we will have enough Japanese PS2s/copies of Slash to run a good tournament, because we are depending pretty much 100% on donated Japanese/modded PS2s and copies of the game. If the Guilty Gear community does not bring these pieces of equipment, there will not be a Slash tournament. I don’t know about you, but as the director of a major tournament, I don’t like completely depending on others, but I hope it does work out.

Oh, by the way, having Slash on Sunday WILL cut into the schedule exactly as I’ve said all along, and if things get delayed (including top 16 of CvS2 and top 16 of 3s) I’m simply going to have nothing to say but “the Guilty Gear players demanded they have their tournament on the weekend.” As it is, Friday is pretty much WIDE OPEN because nobody wanted to have their tournament then. It’s funny that for EVO everybody can make it out for three days, but when it comes to ECC all we get is whining and complaining. I’m sorry, but this IS a dedication issue.

Phi never had a problem with ANYTHING. Phi would try to have every possible game on the planet at ECC, and that has both good and bad side effects. It’s great to involve everyone possible, but at the same time, you have to be realistic: the Break is not growing every year, it is the same small, cramped location that ECC has always been held at. We have outright been told by Phi that ECC is NOT allowed to move because the ECC name basically started at the Break and out of respect it will always be held at the Break. Given this limitation, it is pretty unreasonable that we should decide to include every single game at ECC every single year. NO MATTER WHAT, NO MATTER WHAT ANYONE SAYS, IT WILL BE THE “BIG FOUR” CAPCOM GAMES THAT GET PRIORITY OVER ALL ELSE AT ECC. It was always Capcom fighters that kept ECC alive (and was the reason ECC began) so to not give priority to those tournaments would be insane. I’ve been around the SF community since 1991 and I live and bleed these games, and I’m not going to short-change the players that have been around since the 1990s and have kept this community alive, for newer games, under ANY circumstances. I absolutely DON’T want people playing after midnight, and I DON’T want tournaments going until 8am, which HAS happened in the past at ECC.

The fact of the matter is, you can please some of the people all of the time, you can please all of the people some of the time, but you CANNOT please all of the people all of the time. As much as we would love to have every single fighting game present at ECC, and have them all at the times that everyone wants them in, and be able to ship in DR cabs and yadda yadda yadda…we do not have the money, time, or space to do so. This year we went with a lot of difficult decisions:

-Putting 3s on console instead of arcade cabinet, because in past years, LOTS of players have complained that the cabinets at the break are too cramped to play and the controls are sub-par
-Putting switch sticks into ST because most old-school players hate perfect 360s for that game
-NOT having a full-scale Tekken DR tournament because it would be ridiculously costly and time consuming
-NOT having Tekken 5 after Jinmaster announced his tournament in Philly the same weekend of ECC
-Moving Slash around into different time slots until it was finally decided to be run on Sunday
-Predicting that Dead or Alive 4 would be worthy of a tournament after low turnout at Texas Showdown and a non-existant tournament at Final Round (thanks to…guess who?..JINMASTER!). Apparently this is working out, because people on the Dead or Alive forums seem excited, especially now that DOA4 is announced for EVO.

It’s EASY to sit on the sidelines and criticise, and say that we did this wrong and we went the wrong way there, but try being in the shoes of Wigfall and myself, trying to please hundreds of gamers while not screwing over any particular audience. Throw in the fact that we weren’t even sure that Chris Cotty would approve of everything until a few weeks ago, and the fact that we had TWO completely new games coming out that everybody wanted to play (Slash and DR) and you’ll realize that it’s a lot more complicated than just saying “yes” to everyone and giving everyone what they wanted. To be COMPLETELY honest, if it weren’t for Tekken being cancelled, I still have no idea how Slash would have been able to be run on Sunday and not delay all of the finals of the other, major tournaments.

I’m sure Todd and Phi have faced this kind of criticism before as well, so it’s no news to me. I remember the days of reading Todd’s rants (even listening to the audio rant after an ECC when people accused the East Coast players of throwing ice at Ricky Ortiz, and Todd had to defend himself) and this kind of thing is nothing new at all. The fact of the matter is, when Phi announced he was not going to run ECC anymore, it was Wigfall and I that stepped up…not Rob Sigley, not anybody in the Guilty Gear or Tekken communities. We volunteered to do this and we were fully prepared to take on all the work, and the criticism, that goes with it. Hey, I even got the added bonus of getting fired for no reason whatsoever! But that’s besides the point.

The fact is, we are working to make ECC the absolute best tournament it can be. We’re confident that the changes we’ve made this year WILL make ECC a better tournament overall for the people who attend. When else have you ever been to a touranment that had polls asking what kind of controls you wanted, what version of a game you wanted to play, and then actually ACTED off of those results? Next year, if ECC totally flops THIS year, somebody else can step up and take control of ECC, whether it be Phi or Rob Sigley or whoever. But I guarantee that this year ECC will NOT flop, in fact it will be a huge success, with not only the highest-quality MvC2 tournament, but the only ST tournament with switch-stick controls, a quality 3s tournament with the controls everyone CHOOSES to play on, and FINALLY a CvS2 tournament with MULTIPLE STATIONS at ECC…no more ONE cabinet schenanigans. Throw in the only official DOA4 tournament to be held pre-EVO on the East Coast, and a Slash tournament held on the day the players demanded it, and you’ve got a winning combination. Oh, and don’t worry, I know how to draw up brackets :rofl:

Do not worry, ECC is in good hands, and it will be just as good, if not BETTER, than previous years, in 2006.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/323
&& UNSURE
You realize that everything you’ve quoted can be taken in a different light, right?

“Originally Posted by DarksydePhil:
Guilty Gear entries really don’t matter to me in the least. I don’t know if you remember, but I was actually staunchly against even running Guilty Gear this year. It gets the least number of entries a lot of the time, it takes up lots of consoles and space.”

CORRECT. I personally don’t care about Guilty Gear, but if you didn’t know, I’m also not running every single tournament at ECC. Josh appointed Chaz to run Guilty Gear, so regardless of if I like the game or not, there is someone there who plays it and will be handling it professionally. Guilty Gear DOES take up a LOT of resources (we have to swap out normal PS2s for modded/Japanese ones and get imported copies of the game) and it’s going to be a big hassle to hope that we have enough stuff to run it correctly. Right now, we have TWO modded PS2s guaranteed to be there, and that’s IT. Only one person came to me and offered to donate their modded PS2, and Chaz is bringing his, so unless we get several more, that is all the Slash players will have to play on. In addition, think of the hassle we’re going to have Sunday when Guilty Gear Slash ends, and most of the Guilty Gear players want to go home (since they probably wont’ stick around for 3s or CvS2 top 16). Now, we have to swap out those modded PS2s with different ones, probably swap TVs around, etc…it’s a pain in the ass. IF Slash had been held on Friday, Guilty Gear players would have had free usage of ALL the console area in the arcade. Now, they are basically going to use it for a few hours Sunday morning and then I predict a big group of gamers leaving, and leaving Josh and I with a lot of setup work to get the top 16 in CvS2/3s going.

“Originally Posted by DarksydePhill:
However, after I proposed not having Guilty Gear, every fucking whiny player on the planet flamed me saying that I was being biased.”

TRUE. I PROPOSED not having Guilty Gear, because when I asked the community what version of the game should be played, it started a HUGE argument about Reload vs. Slash. A lot of people didn’t want Slash because it was so new, and it wasn’t even guaranteed it would have been released in time for ECC (remember, this was said MONTHS ago). So I basically said that the Guilty Gear community would have to decide or else we might not have any GG present at ECC. And what happened? I had to suffer a ridiculous backlash of insults, basically saying I’m the next Hitler for saying such a thing, and that GG is a staple of ECC and blah blah blah.

" Originally Posted by j1n**:
I drove 10 hours last year and even helped, they used 2 of our PS2’s IIRC, the Tournament Ran smoothly I felt. Phi and Sigley said thanks too, it was a fun time."

A perfect example of somebody willing to donate for their community. This is great and nobody is saying anything bad about this person. Funny, though, that as soon as my comments were taken out of context, he decided to run the Ohio Guilty Gear tournament just to spite ECC. Sorry, I personally dont’ love GG, but Chaz does and he’s willing to run a kick-ass Slash tournament despite all the shittalk people are spreading, saying we’re NOT running it at ECC. In fact, Chaz is flying to Ohio and then flying back here the next day to run Slash, according to rumor…that’s fucking CRAZY dedication.

Also, don’t try to lecture me on how you drove to ECC and gave two PS2s. You don’t want to know the thousands upon thousands of dollars of equipment I’m bringing to ECC this year…

“Um, the GG community always comes through with the equipment, I don’t think anyone’s worried about the lack of equipment come Sunday of ECC.”

That’s all well and good, but as I have said, so far NOBODY besides one person (and Chaz) has said they are bringing modded PS2s and copies of Slash. It’s great to say that something ALWAYS happens, but being one of the two people primarily in charge of ECC, I’d love to have ALL supplies set in stone at this point. Having absolutely no idea who is bringing what and how many Slash setups will be there worries me, because not only does it have the probability to screw the Guilty Gear players that do show up at ECC, but it also has the potential to screw everyone else, because now those 2-3 Slash stations are going to be taken ALL DAY since it will take so long to run the tournament.

Everyone needs to get overthemselves here. People love to take things I say and twist them and exaggerate, and take them out of context, to make me look like the devil. All I’ve tried to do all along is make a fair and balanced tournament for everyone. Selfish people (Jinmaster) and people with no self control (James Austin) have thrown kinks into the chain that is ECC, but it will still roll along strong regardless. If everyone can forget about the fucking spite of everything and just get over themselves, maybe we can work together to get something done.

Right NOW, here are the things we still need for ECC:

-At LEAST two modded PS2 consoles
-2 or more copies of GG Slash
-At LEAST one more TV of 19" or larger (this is our most DIRE NEED to have the full 8 console stations available, if you can bring one please PM or post here ASAP)

If players from the Guilty Gear community are coming, they should post or PM me IMMEDIATELY and say they are donating their equipment, so that I can 1. figure out if we’ll have enough and 2. reserve them free entry into the tournament.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/325
&& UNSURE
On another note, I’d like to again link to the pre-registration thread HERE:

http://www.shoryuken.com/forums/showthread.php?t=112728

Remember, if you pre-register OR if you register on-Site on the Friday of ECC, you will save yourself the trouble of paying the extra $5 registration fee for last-minute entries on Saturday.

Pre-registrations HAVE started to come in, so I’m sure it’s working and we are good to go.

ONE IMPORTANT NOTE: PLEASE if you pre-register, be SURE you’re coming to ECC. Just like all other major tournaments, there will be NO refunds once you have registered either online or on-site. This is to avoid having to re-draw brackets last minute because of some fickle player who changed their mind, or who pre-registers for everything with no real intention of ever showing up.

I will begin to list those who have pre-registered in the pre-registration thread later this week!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/327
&& UNSURE
It’s hard to respond to stuff like that when the DAY I posted on DustLoop, asking to please speak to the director of the Ohio tournament because I thought that he got the wrong idea and we needed to talk to possibly held the GG community, JAMES AUSTIN had me perm banned. So I never HAD a chance to defend myself, I had no idea that stuff was even on that message board until today.

Does the slim PS2 play Japanese games? If not, we are actually fine with non-modded PS2s (I already have 6 secured and Wigfall is bringing 3 I believe). However I will definitely take you up on your offer of the TV, what kind of connections does it have, just RF? If so that’s fine, I have two PS2 RF adapters and I may be picking up a few more before ECC just to be safe.

And if anyone else can bring a TV, I would like to be sure to have 8, right now we are at a guaranteed 7.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/333
First, ECC ends sunday so there will definitely not be any casuals on Monday.

WHEN casuals wil be depends on how long it takes for tournaments to end…

For example, on Saturday CvS2 starts at 1pm and when that reaches top 16, we will get to 3s. After THAT is done we will consider either casuals or running CvS2/3s teams if there is enough demand.

On Sunday we will have a pretty full schedule of Slash, CvS2/3s top 16, but after that ends we’ll also have an opportunity for casuals. It all depends on a few factors:

    How many people actually pre-register and register on Friday on-site, letting us create brackets ahead of time so we can save time on Saturday.
    How many people actually LISTEN TO US and stick around for their pools playing on Saturday, avoiding delays. I WILL disqualify anybody not there for their pool after 10 minutes, so tough shit to those who vanish and don’t let me know ahead of time.
    How many console stations we actually end up with. So far there are six guaranteed, but we are depending on people for donated PS2s, copies of games, and TVs. If Several people flake, it may take longer than usual.

So, to be honest, I can’t guarantee any specific time for casuals on Saturday/Sunday. All I can really say is, if you are staying at the Motel 6 down the street, LOTS of people stay up all night playing games, and you will definitely get some casuals in.

Also Master Chibi: It all depends on what happens with Chris Cotty. IF he lets us keep stuff at the arcade, then yes, I will take your TV on Friday and be able to hold it until we’re done on Sunday. However, if he DOESN’T want any stuff left at his arcade, my car will be jam-packed and will have no room to transport another TV…so you will have to hold it until Saturday. I guess we’ll have to wait and see what happens.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/341
&& UNSURE
ONLY TEN DAYS LEFT UNTIL ECC!

So far, everything is coming together nicely. We should have EIGHT console stations available, four MvC2 cabinets, and two Super Turbo cabs. ALL cabinets will have fully new controls, including all buttons, switches and joysticks. We are going to have a tech do this for us Friday morning so that we will have Friday night to break everything in (during Marvel teams for example) and in working shape for Saturday-Sunday.

So far, not many people have pre-registered, but this is understandable since I’m assuming a lot of people want to be 100% sure they’re coming, and what they’re entering. REMEMBER, PRE-REGISTRATION CLOSES AT MIDNIGHT ON THURSDAY MAY 25TH. If you do not register by that time, then you will have to show up on Friday to get the $10 cover charge discount. IF NOT, you WILL be paying a $15 cover charge fee for late entry on Saturday-Sunday. NO EXCUSES. All entries are NON-REFUNDABLE.

I’m pretty pumped, and I know a hell of a lot of other people are. ECC is arguably the best MvC2 cabinet tournament in the country, if not overall in the world…pair that with both CvS2 and 3s on console, together, for the first time, with enough stations so it doesn’t take forever…add in ST on SWITCH STICK controls…the first DOA4 tournament to be held at a Street Fighter Major…Guilty Gear Slash…and you’ve got yourself one hell of a tournament.

Also, I’ve said it already but if anyboyd else is interested in team tournaments for CvS2/3s/ST, POST HERE! I’ve only seen 2 people respond since last time, and I want to know if there’s enough interest to hold these events.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/344
&& UNSURE
>    i would be interested in cvs2 teams if it’s not 3 people splitting a game like i’ve heard ec does

Any team tournaments will DEFINITELY be FULL teams, meaning every person gets a full team of 3 fighters in CvS2. In previous years, compromises had to be made when there weren’t enough stations, but this year we will have more than enough PS2s and TVs to accomodate this.

Also, I posted an apology to the Guilty Gear community over in that Ohio tournament thread, and I want to post one here too.

I want to apologize to the Guilty Gear community for anything that I may have said to disrespect them. Although I may not like or play GG myself, it is still a community of gamers that deserves respect, and the game definitely deserves a spot at ECC.

I know that certain other parties have used the misquotations of things I said, out of context, to hype up their own events running parallel to ECC. Not only is this disrespectful to myself (who cares), but to the entire gaming community. All these people have succeeded in doing is exploiting misinformation to promote their own events and “hype up” their own reputations…pretty selfish. In addition, they’ve succeeded in dividing the community even further than before. Ever wonder why the majority of Fighting game tournaments can’t get sponsorship? Ever wonder why there’s no “tournament league” for any fighting games? This is why.

Instead of taking the time to talk to myself or Josh Wigfall about the GG situation at ECC, certain parties took it into their own hands to try to slander ECC on other message boards, and right now they’re taking part in a word-of-mouth campaign to say that there isn’t even any Guilty Gear at ECC. When I tried to reach out to the parties who are running this tournament, I was BANNED from the Guilty Gear message board, and I was never contacted to discuss the issue although I had requested it. This is pure BULLSHIT, and not the way to go about things.

We cared so much about GG, we ended up moving the tournament from Friday (which was originally planned) to Sunday (which was requested by GG players), we recruited CHAZ (a GG player) to run it, and now we are in the process of securing multiple console stations for you to play on.

People have accused me of being unprofessional when it comes to Guilty Gear. I do want to apologize to anyone who feels this way. Maybe some of the things I said about GG were out of line, but at the same time, they ring true: time WILL be limited, it WOULD have been easier/better to have Slash on Friday, and I really DON’T care about GG myself personally (that’s why we recruited Chaz and I’m not running it!). But regardless of how I feel, growing up with SF and respecting that series of games, it’s not reason for anyone to boycott ECC, which is arguably the longest-running and BEST fighting video game major in the COUNTRY.

I hope that this will help to clear the air between myself and the GG community. I also hope to see lots of you on the Sunday of ECC. And, I also hope that those of you who are planning to go to the Ohio event on Saturday, and THEN fly/drive to Jersey for Slash on Sunday of ECC, are successful and have no problems. YOU guys are the most dedicated gamers I’ve ever heard of!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/347
&& UNSURE
Pre-registration is fully explained at this thread:

http://www.shoryuken.com/forums/showthread.php?t=112728

Also, I would love to do team tournaments, BUT I need to know if anybody is interested. If you could please post your team…and if anybody else could post their teams…it would greatly increase the chance of this tournament happening. Plus, I could make brackets ahead of time.

If you want team tournaments, POST!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/349
&& UNSURE
>    quick question about cvs2 teams.
>    its going to be each person takes a team right? not one character
>
>    if so, does the person have to stick to one team throughout the whole thing?

NO.

You pick your own team for EACH match. If you win the match, you must KEEP that team vs. your second opponent. But you are NOT required to keep that team throught the entitre tournament.

We will have LOTS of PS2s and LOTS of time for this, so we can do pretty much whatever we want, i.e. whatever the CvS2 community wants. So just tell us who’s playing and you’ll be good!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/353
&& UNSURE
>    oh teams. yeah i realize that i can do double blind but i think itd be more interesting if you had to stick with one team throughout the entire team tourney

We can do it whatever way people want, I’m open and willing to do whatever is most requested. Probably, what will end up happening is come Saturday afternoon/night once CvS2 singles are down to final 16, I’ll pull aside a few top players (Justin, Nestor, anybody else there who plays CvS, etc.) and ask them what they suggest for a team format.

Now I have a short message to all the Tekken players who backed Jinmaster and his tournament that he’s running to compete with ECC:

It seems that since Tekken 5.0, and the HUGE prizes that go along with it, has been announced for EVO, nobody is complaining that they want DR anymore. Gee, that’s funny, because we WERE going to throw a huge Tekken 5.0 tournament at ECC, until Jinmaster decided to run a Tekken DR/SC3 tournament in Philly at the same time.

So, while you all could have been in New Jersey practicing for a game with over $8k in prizes in less than three months, against hundreds of players, you’ll either be sitting at home doing nothing, or you’ll be in Philly, playing against a handful of players, in a game that has no competitive future due to cost and availability issues. It doesn’t make any difference how GOOD a game is, if it’s too expensive to get and there’s no console release, it will not be played. Compare a game like Unreal Tournament 2004 to Halo 2…a FAR superior FPS, but a much MUCH smaller competitive audience, since Halo 2 can pretty much be played by anybody for about 200 bucks, while you need an expensive computer to run Unreal.

I hate to say I told you so, but I’ve already said it in about three other threads, so I might as well. Next time, fucking LISTEN to me and not Jinmaster!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/360
&& UNSURE
>    Two things. Its not cool to just “ask some top players”. Make a decision and implement it, hold a poll right now, ask opinion from everyone right now. Asking some random people at the time of tourney is not very professional imo, why don’t you just deal with it right now? It most likely wont finish if you try to organize it one day, or one night.
>
>    Also…damn grow up about the tekken shit. Arent you in charge?

I could easily post a poll, but that’s had a LOT of mixed results. There are still people complaining that they didnt’ know about the “3s on console” poll and are angry that it’s on PS2. Also I really don’t think SRK staff are too thrilled with the amount of ECC threads floating around, so making yet another poll thread would be a no-no.

If people have opinions on this, please post. Christian why the heck didn’t you give your opinion? lol.

And I HAVE been trying to get info on who’s interested, but so far nobody has really posted about it besides a handful of players. This happens every year, thats why team tournaments are usually spur-of-the-moment things at most events, because nobody is sure if they want to do it until the last minute. But I’m sure we can at least set the rules in stone.

SO, if you either want to be locked into only using one team in CvS2 teams (can’t switch your characters for the entire tournament), post. Or if you want to be able to switch mid-tournament, post. The message here is, POST!

As for the Tekken issue…

Let me clarify my statements so nobody can take them the wrong way (wouldn’t be the first time).

First of all, the statements I made do NOT apply to all Tekken players. I know there is a group of you who support ECC and wanted to come and play, and are furious that 1. Namco won’t give you a PS2 port of DR and 2. Jinmaster is selfish and did what he did. Remember, I WANTED to have a smaller, capped DR tournament and a full scale Tekken 5.0 tournament on console. I have NOTHING against the Tekken community as a whole.

Now, who I DO have issues with are obviously 1. Jinmaster and 2. the bunch of Tekken players who came on here and also on Tekken Zaibatsu, slamming ECC. The gist of their comments? “Chris Cotty is a rich guy who won’t rent us DR cabs for ECC, the Break sucks, Dunellen sucks, ECC sucks, the staff of ECC sucks.” These players then went on to follow Jinmaster and his proposed tournament in Philly and continued to slam ECC. But now that it’s been announced that EVO is Tekken 5.0, they must be feeling REALLY stupid.

Now my point isn’t to rub salt in wounds, but to basically just give those people a WAKE UP CALL. Hopefully next time, you will not listen to Jinmaster. PLEASE learn from what’s happened and actually listen to those who are trying to incorporate Tekken into the fighting game community, such as the staff of ECC and EVO. WE ARE TRYING TO HELP, but it’s Namco’s fault there is no PS2 port of DR. I wish to god there was, because I would probably be playing it myself if there was! and there definitely wouldnt’ be any of this needless drama over Tekken.

I want to APOLOGIZE to anybody who thought I was basically trying to diss the entire Tekken community, because I’m not. I said it incorrectly, I only meant to address those that, for some reason, are trying to pull Tekken away from the fighting game majors, AGAIN. This has happened before and only in the past few years, through the incorporation of multiple Tekken games at EVO and also at ECC, that Tekken has been pulled into the general fighting game audience. I have no idea WHY the Tekken community would want to pull away from this support and go do their own thing…I mean, is Tekken 5.0 REALLY such a bad game? Were people saying that before DR came out?

I’m curious, if anybody has any answers, please post.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/361
>    Is there gonna be any ST Teams or some AE Hyper action at ECC this year? If not, somebody make this happen please.
>
>    Jeron, me vs you in ST or Hyper. Best of 7. Loser buys the other some food. :wink:
>    DSP, me vs you in ST or Hyper. Best of 7. Loser gets a handshake and I told you so. :wink:
>
>    I’m coming to rep Live players bitches.
>
>    BLANKA FTW!
>
>    ~Decoy

ST teams are a strong possibility, I think we are going to go with the “random teams drawn out of a hat” idea to avoid getting any too-powerful teams into the mix. This will be held immediately after ST singles on Sunday.

As for AE…

I tell you I AM kicking myself that we’re not doing it this year. I thought it wouldn’t be worth it, since last year I ran AE and it ended up only getting about half the entries ST did…just seemed like after ST ended on Friday, people took off and didn’t stick around for AE later in the weekend.

Now, theres this huge announcement that EVO is going to do full-scale AE. DOH! The problem with adding it this late, is that I’m not sure we’re going to have enough free consoles on Sunday to run it. We will already have CvS2 top 16, 3s top 16 (and finishing up any pools we didn’t finish Saturday night), and Guilty Gear Slash on the schedule. That’s DEFINITELY going to take up all 8 console stations for a while.

Here is what I’ll say: if there is going to be AE at ECC, it WILL be on Sunday, so that way all the ST players will still be around. As Sunday progresses, I will see how many console stations we have available, and if there are at least 2 free when ST finishes Sunday afternoon, I will take signups for AE.

Sounds good?

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/386
>    hey dsp,if i’m coming from the bronx which trains do i take to get there?

I live in Connecticut, I sure as heck don’t know!

You’ll either want to check your train schedule, or refer to some of the stuff that Phil McFly has said in this thread so far about trains, or go to the first post of the thread and theres a lot of links there about trains and other stuff. OR ask somebody from NYC who is coming, they usually take the train.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/395
There’s some weird stuff going on over on Dead or Alive Central forums…I can’t get to the second page of the ECC thread, just doesn’t load…

Anyway, I’ll post this here and see if anybody can help:

I am in need of an Xbox 360 hard drive with all characters unlocked in DOA4. I have my own, but I just realized that since there will be two DOA4 stations at ECC, I’ll need a second. If anybody can help, I’ll either give you free entry into a tournament or we can work something out. THANKS!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/397
>    Please make it so there are NO WIRELESS CONTROLLERS being used DSP, it’s a pain to have it ‘unsync’ itself while in the middle of a match.

I have two wired controllers myself, but its pretty strictly Bring Your Own Shit since I don’t have anything to spare, no DOA sticks or anything like that. I thought about the wireless issue, if anybody has the Play and Charge kit it solves it anyway.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/405
&& UNSURE
The time is almost here! Some exciting updates too!

-Time is RUNNING OUT to pre-register for ECC! Remember, if you pre-register you automatically get the $10 cover charge instead of the $15 for on-site registration on Saturday! Lots of people have pre-registered but now that we are less than a week away, I’m sure lots more will start using it as well! For information on pre-registration , go to this thread: http://www.shoryuken.com/forums/showthread.php?p=3137492#post3137492

-This is an exciting update: both Josh Wigfall and I will be at the Break this Thursday night, the day before ECC, to have the new controls installed in all cabinets by none other than the famous JetPhi! Many notable players from the NYC area, along with most of the West Coast players who are coming to ECC, will be there to break in the controls on the MvC2 cabinets (and if anyone is interested in some ST casuals, I’ll be sure to hand you your butts in that too!). There is also the possibility of having some CvS2 or 3s warm-up tournaments, but we need to run that by Chris Cotty first, which we will be doing today. SO, if you are free on Thursday night and will be in the area, stop by the Break for some great Pre-ECC Fun.

NOTE: If you are unable to attend ECC on Friday and want to pre-register and only pay the $10 cover charge, rather than waiting until Saturday and being forced to pay the $15, I will be willing to take registrations Thursday night.

**
-HUGE UPDATE: There WILL be MvC2 teams on Friday night. There will also be CvS2 teams on Friday night, as well as 3s teams (if enough people are ready for it) AS LONG AS it is OK with Chris Cotty to set up the console equipment and leave it there overnight.** Since we are going to have so many console stations (8) it will be ridiculous for us to be moving TVs and consoles in/out of the Break every day…if this is what we are forced to do, we will only be setting up consoles on Saturday/Sunday and so the CvS2 and 3s team tournaments will be pushed back until Saturday night. Hopefully that will not be the case! By the way, it has been decided that for both CvS2 and 3s teams, each team will have THREE players, not just two. Also, for CvS2 each player WILL be allowed to pick and entire team of fighters, not just one character forming one team only.

We will be taking all registrations for team tournaments on-site so no need to worry about pre-registering for those.

One more note: The Super Turbo team tournament will still be held on Sunday directly after the ending of ST singles, and there is a possibility of an AE singles tournament as well, depending on the progression of the tournament and how many console stations are open.

That’s it! I hope everybody has a great week, and I hope to see everybody this weekend (and some of you on Thursday)!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/406
&& UNSURE
I figured now that everything is set in stone, I would re-post the fully completed, FINAL schedule for ECC, so there is no more confusion.

Thursday, May 25th
ECCXI Pre-game Festivities
-New controls will be installed in all tournament cabinets (which include MvC2 and ST)
-Notable players from NYC and CT, as well as the West Coast will be in attendance
-There is a possibility of tournaments for MvC2, CvS2, and 3s depending on demand and if Chris Cotty lets us set up console stations
-Registrations for the weekend’s tournaments will be allowed

Friday, May 26th
-This is the first official registration day. Save $5 by registering on-site today. I will probably show up at the arcade in the afternoon around 3-4pm to start taking registrations, but the official time to show up is between 6-10pm.
-MvC2 teams starts at 6pm.
-3s and CvS2 will both have at least 1 cabinet each, and we will make sure controls work, so you can play some casuals that night. However, NO consoles will be available until Saturday.
-Some of us may be going to see Xmen 3: The Last Stand, after MvC2 teams ends.

Saturday, May 27th
-Arcade opens 12pm, last-minute registrations open
-Last-minute registrations CLOSE at 1pm. THATS RIGHT: If you have not registered for your ECC games by 1pm on Saturday, you will NOT be allowed to enter anything. The only exceptions to this rule are DOA players who show up around 8pm to play DOA4 only, as well as people who show up on Sunday only to play ST and Guilty Gear Slash. But if you want to enter 3s or CvS2 or MvC2, you MUST register by 1pm on Saturday.
-MvC2 starts promptly at 1pm, and finishes when Josh Wigfall determines that enough matches have been played for the day (top 32/16 etc. depending on how many people show up).
-CvS2 starts PROMPTLY at 1pm. Pool play will continue until top 16 have been determined, and then will stop.
-3s begins directly after CvS2 finishes, which might be between 6-8pm. We will give many announcements during the day to give an estimated time when 3s players should expect to stick around. Pool play will begin then and will continue until either top 16 have been determined, or midnight, whichever comes first.
-DOA4 starts at 8pm and plays until it finishes.
-CvS2 and 3s team tournaments MAY take place around 6pm, depending on **HOW FAR WE HAVE GOTTEN IN THE CvS2 and 3s SINGLES TOURNAMENTS. ** If it is deemed that we have not gotten far enough to free up 2 console stations, we will not have team tournaments.

Sunday, May 28th
-Arcade opens approximately 12pm. Last-minute registration for Guilty Gear Slash and Super Turbo begins.
-MvC2 tournament resumes at 12:30pm.
-3s pools are continued at 12:30pm, if needed, and played out until top 16 are determined.
-Last-minute registration for Slash and ST ends at 1pm.
-CvS2 top 16 begins directly after 3s top 16 have been determined. IF YOU ARE IN THE TOP 16 AND I CANNOT FIND YOU WHEN TOP 16 BEGIN TO PLAY, YOU WILL BE DISQUALIFIED. NO EXCEPTIONS.
-3s top 16 plays directly after CvS2 top 16 finishes.
-Guilty Gear Slash tournament begins at 2pm.
-Super Street Fighter II Turbo tournament begins at 3pm.
-Super Turbo RANDOM teams tournament (you do not pick your team, instead everyone who enters has their names drawn out of a hat) starts directly after Super Turbo singles finishes.
-Possibility of a Hyper Street Fighter Anniversary Edition tournament on PS2 starting directly after Super Turbo singles ends, depending on progression of the tournament and availability of console stations.
-Sunday night: tournaments end, final casuals, tournament cleanup. All console stations will be shut down at approximately 10pm (if all tournaments are completed).

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/408
>    DSP- Do I gotta show up at ST registration Sunday to “confirm” I’m there? Or does it not matter? I’m asking cause I don’t wanna be that guy that sets everything off course

There’s going to be a designated registration time from 12-1pm Sunday, just like there is on Saturday. After that, I don’t want to be accepting any more entries, because we need to prepare the cabinets and start making brackets. If you do show up later than 1pm, depending on how busy I am, I can’t guarantee you’ll get into the tournament. Chances are you WILL get in, as long as you show up before ST starts at 3pm. But remember you’ll be paying the $15 registration fee if you didnt’ pre-register with Paypal or in person on Thursday-Friday.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/419
&& UNSURE
Answers:

For hotels, the traditional thing everybody does is stay at Motel 6 for a few reasons. First, it’s cheap, and most gamers are looking for the most economical thing to do. Splitting a room here for a few days won’t cost you much at all. Second, EVERYBODY who attends ECC usually stays at Motel 6 because they are really good about noise…I think out of all the years we’ve ever stayed there, there’s only been one complaint about noise ever, and it was by a couple of retarded guests. Usually gamers can “take over” the hotel, which basically means it’s really easy to move from room to room for casuals. Hell, for a few years Scott from CT brought a red Bronco truck and actually had a hookup for Marvel and other games OUTSIDE the hotel in the parking lot all night long.

If you’re looking for other hotels, for example one with internet, the Holiday Inn across the street is a little bit more expensive (I think about $20 more a night) but the rooms are a lot bigger and nicer. It really depends on 1. how much money you’re willing to spend and 2. if you want to be where all the other gamers are, so you can easily go from room to room for casuals.

As for DVDs, right now there is no plan for any release. Too much cost (and obviously problems with places like the one EVO uses) to invest in right now. Preppy will be in attendance and no doubt getting the majority of good MvC2 footage. I will also be bringing my camcorder to record notable matches/finals for all tournaments, and also to get some interviews for the HATER CAM. We ARE allowing footage to be taped, so if you want to record for yourself, it’s not a problem at all. More than likely, what will end up happening is Zach will release all the good MvC2 footage, and then I’ll encode the videos for all other games and find somebody to host them.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/435
&& UNSURE
ALL INFO ON CvS2/3s TEAMS CAN BE FOUND BELOW:

>    Saturday, May 27th
>    -CvS2 and 3s team tournaments WILL take place around 6pm.

Formats/Rules: teams of 3. Depending on turnout, either round robin or double elim. For CvS2, each player on a team is allowed to play a FULL game, not just play 1 character. You ARE required to pick the same team/character throughout the entire tournament, so think STRATEGICALLY and build your teams around that idea. You will be required to tell me what your team/character selection is before the tournament starts. Also, no 2 players on the same team can pick the same EXACT character/team. Just like being in Japan!

So for example: If I’m in CvS2 teams I will pick C-groove Vega, Blanka, Sagat. My teammate then CANNOT pick that same combination of groove and characters. HOWEVER, he may pick the same 3 characters IF HE CHANGES HIS GROOVE. So the second player on the team CAN pick K-groove Vega, Blanka, Sagat. Be sure to pick wisely, because you MUST play that team throughout the entire tournament.

For 3s, each player MUST select a different character. You must play that character throughout the entire tournament.

Entry: $5/head

That’s the final word!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/444
EXTREMELY IMPORTANT UPDATE: Josh Wigfall just returned from a trip to the Break to discuss things with Chris Cotty.

The most important thing we learned is that the Dunellen police are REALLY cracking down on people loitering/hanging out in front of 8 on the Break. In fact, they complained to Chris Cotty this past weekend and made it VERY clear to him that if there is anyone in front of the Break, they will CLOSE THE ARCADE AND END ECC.

SO, what can we do? We know ECC can be really hot and smelly at times being inside the Break all day. Well, we offer a few solutions:

    Hang out BEHIND the arcade when you have to
    Chris is going to set up some tables/chairs in the back of the Break for people to hang out and sit down, so you don’t have to sit out front to cool off
    I will be bringing SEVERAL air-freshening items to keep the Break smelling good
    Since everything will be run on the pool system, you will be able to LEAVE when it’s not your time to play (yay!) and COME BACK when you have to play again!

LET IT BE KNOWN RIGHT NOW THAT IF YOU ARE FOUND LOITERING OUTSIDE THE FRONT OF THE BREAK AT ANY POINT DURING ECC WEEKEND, WE WILL DISQUALIFY YOU. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. ECC WILL LITERALLY BE SHUT DOWN IF DUNELLEN POLICE FIND PEOPLE HANGING OUTSIDE THE FRONT OF THE BREAK, SO WE WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS!

Okay, now that that is out of the way…
Please see below for the FINAL (really this time!) schedule for ECC! Now including final plans for all team tournaments!

Thursday, May 25th
ECCXI Pre-game Festivities
-New controls will be installed in all tournament cabinets (which include MvC2 and ST)
-Notable players from NYC and CT, as well as the West Coast will be in attendance
-Registrations for the weekend’s tournaments will be allowed
-Casual play for CvS2/ST/3s will all be on arcade cabinet. No consoles allowed until Saturday.

Friday, May 26th
-This is the first official registration day. Save $5 by registering on-site today. I will probably show up at the arcade in the afternoon around 3-4pm to start taking registrations, but the official time to show up is between 6-10pm.
-MvC2 teams starts at 6pm.
-3s and CvS2 will both have at least 1 cabinet each, and we will make sure controls work, so you can play some casuals that night. However, NO consoles will be available until Saturday.
-Some of us may be going to see Xmen 3: The Last Stand, after MvC2 teams ends.

Saturday, May 27th
-Arcade opens 12pm, last-minute registrations open
-Last-minute registrations CLOSE at 1pm. THATS RIGHT: If you have not registered for your ECC games by 1pm on Saturday, you will NOT be allowed to enter anything. The only exceptions to this rule are DOA players who show up around 8pm to play DOA4 only, as well as people who show up on Sunday only to play ST and Guilty Gear Slash. But if you want to enter 3s or CvS2 or MvC2, you MUST register by 1pm on Saturday.
-MvC2 starts promptly at 1pm, and finishes when Josh Wigfall determines that enough matches have been played for the day (top 32/16 etc. depending on how many people show up).
-CvS2 starts PROMPTLY at 1pm. Pool play will continue until top 16 have been determined, and then will stop.
-3s begins directly after CvS2 finishes, which might be between 6-8pm. We will give many announcements during the day to give an estimated time when 3s players should expect to stick around. Pool play will begin then and will continue until either top 16 have been determined, or midnight, whichever comes first.
-DOA4 starts at 8pm and plays until it finishes.
-CvS2 and 3s team tournaments MAY take place around 6pm, depending on HOW FAR WE HAVE GOTTEN IN THE CvS2 and 3s SINGLES TOURNAMENTS. If it is deemed that we have not gotten far enough to free up 2 console stations, we will not have team tournaments. YOU CAN HELP US WITH THIS by being in the right place when you are called to play, and also by pre-registering online with Paypal or on-site Friday. Remember, registering on Saturday MAKES THINGS GO SLOWER!

Sunday, May 28th
-Arcade opens approximately 12pm. Last-minute registration for Guilty Gear Slash and Super Turbo begins.
-MvC2 tournament resumes at 12:30pm.
-3s pools are continued at 12:30pm, if needed, and played out until top 16 are determined.
-Last-minute registration for Slash and ST ends at 1pm.
-CvS2 top 16 begins directly after 3s top 16 have been determined. IF YOU ARE IN THE TOP 16 AND I CANNOT FIND YOU WHEN TOP 16 BEGIN TO PLAY, YOU WILL BE DISQUALIFIED. NO EXCEPTIONS.
-3s top 16 plays directly after CvS2 top 16 finishes.
-Guilty Gear Slash tournament begins at 2pm.
-Super Street Fighter II Turbo tournament begins at 3pm.
-Super Turbo RANDOM teams tournament (you do not pick your team, instead everyone who enters has their names drawn out of a hat) starts directly after Super Turbo singles finishes.
-Possibility of a Hyper Street Fighter Anniversary Edition tournament on PS2 starting directly after Super Turbo singles ends, depending on progression of the tournament and availability of console stations.
-Sunday night: tournaments end, final casuals, tournament cleanup. All console stations will be shut down at approximately 10pm (if all tournaments are completed).

That’s it! I hope this answers ALL questions!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/457
&& UNSURE
>    After this ECC, the Legend should come back and change ECC completely. Location, Name and how it is managed. This is complete and utter BS. The COPS (not police) are a pain in the ass. They don’t understand and they don’t want to understand. They know everytime this year gamers come out to participate in a videogame arcade tournament. They know that the place isn’t big enough to hold everyone who participates in it. Finally they know that people need a breath of fresh air. Where the hell do they expect them to go? I wish I could say that they’re racist but they’re not they’re just assholes period. **** those toy cops!
>
>    See you all at the last ECC held at the break. Better believe it.

It was “the LEGEND” aka Phi that told Josh and I that under no circumstances would ECC ever be moved from the Break. Moving was actually one of the first ideas we tossed around…I was considering moving it to Rhode Island or Mass. and possibly teaming up with Andy to get something going. But then we were told that ECC started at the Break and is closely intertwined with Chris Cotty, and if any tournament was going to be run and still called “East Coast Championships” it would HAVE to be held at the Break.

Now don’t get me wrong, I have no problem with Chris Cotty or running ECC at the Break, but I definitely understand your concerns. What I will say is this: I will be keeping an eye on what is going on outside the Break at all times, and if I see anybody out there they will get 1 chance, and that’s it.** I WILL NOT HAVE ECC SHUT DOWN BECAUSE OF PEOPLE WHO CANNOT READ OR LISTEN.** I will also be telling every single person that registers in person, that they cannot stand outside the front of the Break, just in case they don’t read the SRK forums or don’t remember.

Its definitely tough. I would love to get something different going, something similar to Final Round or Texas Showdown, or even EVO, next year. But ECC is a name that will not die…it is now the longest-running traditional competitive fighting game tournament in the USA (name another tournament with ELEVEN installments, and that’s not even counting the 3.5 or whatever Todd ran that one random year). There is definitely a legacy there that is hard to let go.

At the same time, ECC and the Street Fighter community have now grown, grown so much that it is very possible that it is now too large for the Break to hold. If it weren’t for the cancellation of Tekken events, and the addition of 8 console stations instead of just a handful (and moving CvS2/3s to PS2 consequently), I bet the Break would have been literally bursting at the seams this year, and everything would have run late. As it is, with the time/space we are given by Chris Cotty, we might not even be able to have the Team Tournaments that we really want to run.

However…

There ARE things in the works. Depending on how things actually go this year, and on certain factors and things that are already in motion, it is VERY possible that come 2007 there will be a new East Coast major. Only time will tell!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/459
I have an important announcement…

I want it to be known that we will NOT be using the “Judgement” system in 3s to determine a winner, if that does happen.

Instead, in the case of a draw, we will be replaying that one game of that match to determine a winner.

I know that EVO is using Judgement, but I’m not one to just go ahead and start using Japanese criteria to determine a winner, when there is no real way to figure out how that process works. The fact of the matter is, NOBODY has any idea how Judgement really works, so to use it to determine a definitive winner, in a competitive tournament where money is at stake, is INSANE.

EVO may not want to spend the time to find the real best players in the country, but at ECC only those who deserve to win will advance.

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/465
>    Yea, I was wondering why would he do it after pools. I don’t see how the time factor is in our favor at all. I thought it was gonna be on friday, but that’s when the regular mvc2 team tournament is.

You’re asking the wrong person, I’m in charge of registrations, supplies, posting info on SRK, CvS2/ST/DOA4 singles, and all non-MvC2 team tournaments.

Josh is solely in charge of all MvC2 events and 3s singles, as well as being the direct contact with Chris Cotty, so I honestly have no idea why he’s chosing to run it then, you should talk to him about it. I would assume he’s doing it then because

    That will give the new controls, which will be installed on Thursday, LOTS of time to be broken in;
    If the team tournament is the only thing going on Friday besides registration, we can finish up by 10pm and go see X3 if we want;
    More people will be at the Break on Saturday, so this event will seem more hyped up with everybody there, rather than a “damn, I missed the 5 on 5 because I didn’t come a day early for ECC” attitude;
    and 4. Josh plans on stopping MvC2 once he’s gotten the top 32 out of pools, and then resuming on Sunday. It might not take that long to do that, depending on how many people actually show up to ECC for MvC2.

But again, this is all speculation, you’ll want to talk to Josh. Now calm down!

## https://archive.supercombo.gg/t/eccxi-the-saga-continues-8-on-the-break-arcade-may-26-2006-may-29-2006/15662/481
>    Phil; did you guys want me to bring a couple copies of Alpha Collection?

If you have it, sure, the only problem is we’re only going to have 2 Japanese/modded PS2s that can play them, and those are going to be used for Guilty Gear Slash on Sunday until that tournament is over. So there’s a possibility of some Alpha, but don’t count on it, it all depends on when things get finished.
